Genesis 1:1 / In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth.
Exodus 20:2 / I am the Lord your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of slavery.
Leviticus 20:26 / You shall be holy to me, for I the Lord am holy and have separated you from the peoples, that you should be mine.
Numbers 23:19 / God is not man, that he should lie, or a son of man, that he should change his mind. Has he said, and will he not do it? Or has he spoken, and will he not fulfill it?
Deuteronomy 1:21 / See, the Lord your God has set the land before you. Go up, take possession, as the Lord, the God of your fathers, has told you. Do not fear or be dismayed.
Joshua 1:9 / Have I not commanded you? Be strong and courageous. Do not be frightened, and do not be dismayed, for the Lord your God is with you wherever you go.
Judges 21:25 / In those days there was no king in Israel. Everyone did what was right in his own eyes.
Ruth 2:12 / The Lord repay you for what you have done, and a full reward be given you by the Lord, the God of Israel, under whose wings you have come to take refuge!”
1 Samuel 8:7 / And the Lord said to Samuel, “Obey the voice of the people in all that they say to you, for they have not rejected you, but they have rejected me from being king over them.
2 Samuel 22:31 / This God—his way is perfect; the word of the Lord proves true; he is a shield for all those who take refuge in him.
1 King 8:23 / and said, “O Lord, God of Israel, there is no God like you, in heaven above or on earth beneath, keeping covenant and showing steadfast love to your servants who walk before you with all their heart;
2 King 19:19 / So now, O Lord our God, save us, please, from his hand, that all the kingdoms of the earth may know that you, O Lord, are God alone.”
1 Chronicles 29:11 / ours, O Lord, is the greatness and the power and the glory and the victory and the majesty, for all that is in the heavens and in the earth is yours. Yours is the kingdom, O Lord, and you are exalted as head above all.
2 Chronicles 5:13 / and it was the duty of the trumpeters and singers to make themselves heard in unison in praise and thanksgiving to the Lord), and when the song was raised, with trumpets and cymbals and other musical instruments, in praise to the Lord,
Ezra 3:11 / And they sang responsively, praising and giving thanks to the Lord, “For he is good, for his steadfast love endures forever toward Israel.” And all the people shouted with a great shout when they praised the Lord, because the foundation of the house of the Lord was laid. 
Nehemiah 2:17 / Then I said to them, “You see the trouble we are in, how Jerusalem lies in ruins with its gates burned. Come, let us build the wall of Jerusalem, that we may no longer suffer derision.”
Esther 4:14 / For if you keep silent at this time, relief and deliverance will rise for the Jews from another place, but you and your father's house will perish. And who knows whether you have not come to the kingdom for such a time as this?”
Job 1:21 / And he said, “Naked I came from my mother's womb, and naked shall I return. The Lord gave, and the Lord has taken away; blessed be the name of the Lord.”
Psalm 103:1 / Bless the Lord, O my soul, and all that is within me, bless his holy name!
Proverbs 9:10 / The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, and the knowledge of the Holy One is insight.
Ecclesiastes 3:1 / For everything there is a season, and a time for every matter under heaven:
Song of Songs 2:16 / My beloved is mine, and I am his; he grazes[a] among the lilies.
Isaiah 53:5 / But he was pierced for our transgressions; he was crushed for our iniquities; upon him was the chastisement that brought us peace, and with his wounds we are healed.
Jeremiah 31:33 / For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, declares the Lord: I will put my law within them, and I will write it on their hearts. And I will be their God, and they shall be my people.
Lamentations 3:22 / The steadfast love of the Lord never ceases;[a] his mercies never come to an end;
Ezekiel 11:19 / And I will give them one heart, and a new spirit I will put within them. I will remove the heart of stone from their flesh and give them a heart of flesh,
Daniel 4:34 / At the end of the days I, Nebuchadnezzar, lifted my eyes to heaven, and my reason returned to me, and I blessed the Most High, and praised and honored him who lives forever, for his dominion is an everlasting dominion, and his kingdom endures from generation to generation;
Hosea 6:6 / For I desire steadfast love[a] and not sacrifice, the knowledge of God rather than burnt offerings.
Joel 2:13 / and rend your hearts and not your garments.” Return to the Lord your God, for he is gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and abounding in steadfast love; and he relents over disaster.
Amos 5:24 / But let justice roll down like waters, and righteousness like an ever-flowing stream.
Obadiah 1:15 / For the day of the Lord is near upon all the nations. As you have done, it shall be done to you; your deeds shall return on your own head.
Jonah 4:2 / And he prayed to the Lord and said, “O Lord, is not this what I said when I was yet in my country? That is why I made haste to flee to Tarshish; for I knew that you are a gracious God and merciful, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast love, and relenting from disaster.
Micah 6:8 / He has told you, O man, what is good; and what does the Lord require of you but to do justice, and to love kindness,[a] and to walk humbly with your God?
Nahum 1:3 / The Lord is slow to anger and great in power, and the Lord will by no means clear the guilty. His way is in whirlwind and storm, and the clouds are the dust of his feet.
Habakkuk 3:18-19 / yet I will rejoice in the Lord; I will take joy in the God of my salvation. God, the Lord, is my strength; he makes my feet like the deer's; he makes me tread on my high places. To the choirmaster: with stringed[a] instruments.
Zephaniah 3:17 / The Lord your God is in your midst, a mighty one who will save; he will rejoice over you with gladness; he will quiet you by his love; he will exult over you with loud singing.
Haggai 1:5 / Now, therefore, thus says the Lord of hosts: Consider your ways.
Zechariah 13:9 / And I will put this third into the fire, and refine them as one refines silver, and test them as gold is tested. They will call upon my name, and I will answer them. I will say, ‘They are my people’; and they will say, ‘The Lord is my God.’”
Malachi 4:2 / But for you who fear my name, the sun of righteousness shall rise with healing in its wings. You shall go out leaping like calves from the stall.
Matthew 4:17 / From that time Jesus began to preach, saying, “Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.”[a]
Mark 1:11 / And a voice came from heaven, “You are my beloved Son;[a] with you I am well pleased.”
Luke 19:10 / For the Son of Man came to seek and to save the lost.”
John 14:6 / Jesus said to him, “I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.
Acts 1:8 / But you will receive power when the Holy Spirit has come upon you, and you will be my witnesses in Jerusalem and in all Judea and Samaria, and to the end of the earth.”
Romans 6:23 / For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.
1 Corinthians 8:6 / yet for us there is one God, the Father, from whom are all things and for whom we exist, and one Lord, Jesus Christ, through whom are all things and through whom we exist.
2 Corinthians 5:20 / Therefore, we are ambassadors for Christ, God making his appeal through us. We implore you on behalf of Christ, be reconciled to God.
Galatians 2:20 / I have been crucified with Christ. It is no longer I who live, but Christ who lives in me. And the life I now live in the flesh I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me.
Ephesians 2:8-9 / For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God, not a result of works, so that no one may boast.
Philippians 4:13 / I can do all things through him who strengthens me.
Colossians 1:17 / And he is before all things, and in him all things hold together.
1 Thessalonians 5:18 / give thanks in all circumstances; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus for you.
2 Thessalonians 1:10 / when he comes on that day to be glorified in his saints, and to be marveled at among all who have believed, because our testimony to you was believed.
1 Timothy 2:5 / For there is one God, and there is one mediator between God and men, the man[a] Christ Jesus,
2 Timothy 3:16 / All Scripture is breathed out by God and profitable for teaching, for reproof, for correction, and for training in righteousness,
Titus 3:5 / he saved us, not because of works done by us in righteousness, but according to his own mercy, by the washing of regeneration and renewal of the Holy Spirit,
Philemon 1:7 / For I have derived much joy and comfort from your love, my brother, because the hearts of the saints have been refreshed through you.
Hebrews 12:1 / Therefore, since we are surrounded by so great a cloud of witnesses, let us also lay aside every weight, and sin which clings so closely, and let us run with endurance the race that is set before us,
James 1:2 / Count it all joy, my brothers,[a] when you meet trials of various kinds,
1 Peter 1:7 / so that the tested genuineness of your faith—more precious than gold that perishes though it is tested by fire—may be found to result in praise and glory and honor at the revelation of Jesus Christ.
2 Peter 3:15 / And count the patience of our Lord as salvation, just as our beloved brother Paul also wrote to you according to the wisdom given him,
1 John 1:9 / If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
2 John 1:6 / And this is love, that we walk according to his commandments; this is the commandment, just as you have heard from the beginning, so that you should walk in it.
3 John 1:3 / For I rejoiced greatly when the brothers[a] came and testified to your truth, as indeed you are walking in the truth.
Jude 1:24-25 / Now to him who is able to keep you from stumbling and to present you blameless before the presence of his glory with great joy, to the only God, our Savior, through Jesus Christ our Lord, be glory, majesty, dominion, and authority, before all time[a] and now and forever. Amen.
Revelation 21:6 / And he said to me, “It is done! I am the Alpha and the Omega, the beginning and the end. To the thirsty I will give from the spring of the water of life without payment.