
When I was a student at the Evangelical Seminary of Puerto Rico, I sowed some seeds on campus.  I chose one particular area where nothing grew, not even weeds, because there was never sufficient water or enough sunlight.  I was told I was wasting my time, but little by little, plant growth became visible.  Several years have gone by since I left.  But when I visit the seminary, I now see strong and healthy plants on campus.

This experience inspires me in my role as a pastor of a small church.  When the congregation is faced with challenges, I remember that God has not given up on the task of cultivating the seed of faith in me.  Rather, God encourages me to work harder on the small and the large projects entrusted to me.

Maybe it wasn’t I who chose the seemingly barren spot for my seminary garden; maybe it was God who chose it, in order to show me how, with patience and love, my ministry would bear fruit.

By God’s grace I continue serving God and God’s people.  God has much work for each of us to do and continues to call us to grow in our faith.


Four of us kids were throwing snowballs.  The moist snow made a hard projectile.  I packed one with my mittened hands and threw it with all my eight-year-old might.  It caught Ken flush in the face.  He grabbed his eye and in minutes was headed to the hospital.  A mix of shock and nausea weakened my knees as I watched silently.  No one had seen me, and I said nothing even though the injury caused weeks of vision problems for Ken.

After hearing sermons on forgiveness for 30 years, I realized that if forgiveness was a main theme of the Lord’s Prayer, then it meant a lot to God.  I started forgiving and asking forgiveness.

Ken, now about 50, topped my list.  Sweat poured off my hands as I dialed his number.  “Do you remember the snowball that hit you in the eye?” I stammered, confessing my guilt and asking for forgiveness.

He said, “Of course I forgive you.  You were just a kid.  You didn’t mean to hurt anybody.”  He assured me that the incident caused no lasting damage.

I closed my eyes and sighed, letting relief flow through me.  I thanked Ken, and I thanked God for the gift of forgiveness and for the grace in Ken’s heart.


While we were spring-cleaning our house one year, a small bird mistakenly flew inside the garage.  The trapped bird flew in circles and bumped into the walls while trying to find an escape route.

After several minutes of anxious struggle, the exhausted creature rested high atop a doorframe.  I grabbed a broom and extended the bristles up to where the bird was perched.  To my surprise, the bird hopped onto the bristles and hung on while I walked to the outdoors.  Immediately after exiting the garage, the bird flew to a nearby tree — free again!

Just like the bird, I sometimes find myself struggling intently with an issue or problem.  Worry creeps in as I try to find my way back out.  Before long, I am tired and exhausted.  In these instances, I can remember the words Paul wrote to the church at Philippi quoted above.  Instead of being anxious, I can lift my concerns up to God in prayer.  Not only does God have the answers but also the peace to set me free.


A good friend told me about a time when he was asked to sing at a church service.  As he looked out over the congregation, he started to feel inferior when he saw so many other people who had previously sung in worship.

However, after the service, a wonderful woman complimented him on his singing, saying it was “one of the best testimonies” she had ever heard.  He related to her his feelings of inadequacy as he compared himself to the other vocalists.

She responded that God is not as much concerned with our ability as with our availability.  God is pleased when we are willing to use what we have to serve regardless of how unskilled we think we are.

I am in a wheelchair due to a disability.  This was a good story for me as I struggle with these same feelings and compare myself with others constantly.  But my disability does not affect my ability to serve God.  God knows our limitations and desires only that we are prepared and willing to go where God leads and to do God’s will.


As I drive to a friend’s house, I notice a new sporting goods store.  I think about the great sales they must be having for their grand opening and all of the fun things I could buy for camping.  Then I turn my thoughts to the next day: Ash Wednesday.

This holy day marks a time when I try to think about moderation.  Living in moderation is a daily challenge for me.  From grocery shopping, to eating, to going to new stores, it is difficult to eat and purchase only what is necessary without splurging on a little more here and there.

As I approach the store, my thoughts shift to the apostle Paul, who learned to be content in all circumstances.  He was satisfied whether he was feasting or starving, whether he had many possessions or none.  Having an excess of goods or of food clutters my life—body, soul, and mind—without providing any lasting, deep-rooted happiness.  They require time and energy to maintain, which distracts me from nurturing my relationship with God.

I turn my eyes back to the road and pass the new store.  Today I will make an effort to live more freely, with less stuff to hold me down and distract me from God.


The members of the church had chosen to bring in the new year with a worship service that night.  Ahead of time, many had declined to come, saying they had other places to go and people to visit.  By midnight, no one had arrived.

I was sad because I had spent a great deal of time preparing the program.  Soon a young boy who attends Sunday school came by.  He said, “Pastor, let’s go ahead with the service.”  I said, “I don’t think so.  No one is here.”  The young boy looked at me and said, “But three of us are here — you, me and Jesus.” (See Matt. 18:20.)

I realized that the purpose of this service was not simply to gather the people but to worship God and receive God’s blessings.  After we sang a few joyous songs, neighbors from the area began to join us.  It was a spirit-filled night, and many came to know Christ.

This experience reminded me of the parable of the great dinner in Luke 14.  After the host sent the invitations and received the news that the guests were not coming, he extended the invitation to include people from the “roads and lanes.”  Our dinner became a true feast, where those who came truly wanted to be there.  And they were fed by the Bread of Life, Jesus Christ.


One Ash Wednesday, I attended a graveside funeral service for a 16-year-old boy, the son of family friends.  He had died in an automobile accident days before.  As the mourners gathered by the freshly turned earth, grief washed over us.  “Why?” seemed to be the question on everyone’s lips.  “Why did this boy, bright with promise who loved God passionately, die so young?”

No one knows why tragedies occur.  But remembering the whole picture helps me.  As Christians, we know that our story does not end on Ash Wednesday.  Nor does it end on Good Friday.  Early on Sunday, the stone rolled away; Jesus emerged alive from a dark tomb and eternally shattered the grip of death.  On resurrection morning, Jesus gave us the ability to look death straight in the eyes, and say, “It isn’t over.”  To those who put their trust in the resurrected One, Jesus gives the assurance of eternal life.  Jesus’ words, “The one who believes in me will live, even though they die” (John 11:25), bring immeasurable comfort and hope to any who would believe — especially those dealing with the loss of a loved one.


Early one morning, I walked along a rural road, enjoying the cool air before the summer sun rose.  Suddenly, I became aware of a rustling in the pasture beside me.  I peered into the darkness and saw the dim outlines of perhaps a hundred sheep.  Apparently mistaking me for their shepherd, the sheep had decided to follow me.  As I strode along the road, the sheep trotted in the pasture beside me until a fence stopped them.  They could still see me, but they could no longer follow me.  I heard their plaintive bleats growing fainter and fainter as I continued my walk.

The Bible often compares us to sheep.  Like sheep, we may go astray by following someone who is not our shepherd.  Like sheep, we are easily frightened when venturing into unfamiliar territory.  Like sheep, we need a shepherd to guide us, to protect us, to lead us to clean water and green pastures.

Christ is our shepherd.  He does not walk away from us, leaving us bewildered and forlorn.  He does not wait for us to come to him, but comes to us and teaches us his ways: kindness, compassion, and courage in the face of opposition and adversity.  Listening to Jesus, we find our way.


I grew up at a time in our country when the word God was written without a capital letter.  Belief in God was viewed as irrational behavior.  But on a particular day every spring, homes were filled with unusual baking smells and decorated eggs; there was a festive sense in the air.  I enjoyed baking kulich (Russian Easter cake) and decorating eggs.  Often people went to the cemetery.  In many cases, this was the only day in the year when deceased relatives were remembered.  If you had a table laden with Easter dishes and had been to the cemetery, then Easter had been celebrated well.

Then I came to the Lord.  I discovered that decorating eggs is not important; an abundant table is not necessary; and one can visit the graves of loved ones any day.

For me, Easter became a festival of light.  Even if the clouds blocked the sun on Easter, the light of Christ illuminated the day.  I don’t think I will ever understand the deep meaning of Christ’s coming to earth.  But I can feel his endless love.  And it gives me joy to know that Easter is a miracle that is directly connected to me.


The woman described in the scripture reading for today is one of my heroes.  Her bleeding disorder made her unclean according to the law (Lev. 15:19).  No one could touch her, and she could be punished for making another person unclean by touching him or her.  Out of her tremendous need, she put aside her pride and her fear of the consequences, boldly came up behind Jesus, and touched his cloak.  When Jesus turned to her, she fell to the ground, trembling at his feet, and declared to everyone why she had touched Jesus and that she had been healed.

As I picture the scene, I see Jesus bending down, taking the woman by the arm and saying, “Daughter, your faith has healed you.  Go in peace.”

The scripture shows that if we are willing to humble ourselves before God, God will show us mercy.  Isaiah 30:18 (NIV) says, “The Lord longs to be gracious to you; therefore he will rise up to show you compassion.”  If, like the woman Jesus healed, we leave behind our pride and fear and come boldly before God, we can be healed.


When our small intercessory prayer group had to stop meeting in person, I felt completely discouraged.  The five of us had met every Thursday evening in our church and spent an hour or more in prayer together.

But despite my discouragement, through technology our prayer group grew and became even more effective for us.  So many people now possess mobile phones, allowing prayer requests to be circulated instantaneously to all of us.  We even receive prayer requests from people of other faiths.

Our prayer chain has many more links than the five original members, and our prayer time is no longer confined to an hour on Thursdays.  We can now lift our requests to God on any day and at any time.

We can always trust God, our loving Father, to be at work creating new opportunities to serve and new and different ways for us to accomplish God’s purpose.


During a mission trip to Ecuador, I visited a Quichua Indian church located high in the windswept Andes Mountains.  The pastor and his wife were proudly showing our volunteer team their church building when we saw a huge pile of yellow corn spilling out of gunnysacks in the corner of one room.  I asked if there was any special significance to the mound of corn.  They explained that in their agricultural community the believers always brought a tenth of whatever crop they harvested to the church as an offering to the Lord.  The congregation used this food to share with those in their village who did not have enough to eat or to provide a meal on special days for their entire community as a testimony to God’s love and provision in their lives.

I was amazed and moved at this level of generosity, gratitude, and obedience.  What could happen in our own churches if we each chose to give back to the Lord literally a tenth of all we have?  What needs could we meet with these resources?


I admit I’ve made many mistakes, broken a million promises and lied about both.  I have driven while drunk, saying, “I’m sober.”  Through it all I’ve lost respect and ruined trust.  I said, “I’m sorry,” but my apology rang hollow.

God gave me chances.  I had plenty of opportunities to behave differently in my life, in my marriage, and in my other relationships, but for a long time I did not.  Then I listened to a Sunday school teacher.  Through my fog-filled head, I heard her say, “Anyone can empty his or her glass and fill it up with something life-giving.”

God spoke to me through those words, and as I embraced the truth of them, I was finally able to change.  Temptation did not end, but I began to cooperate with God and filled my glass with the Holy Spirit.

Now I tell anyone able to listen that I’m no one special; if Jesus healed me, he’s willing to do the same for anyone.  Yesterday, I filled my glass with stuff that hurt me; but today, I choose to drink what God offers because I am now aware that my emptiness can be filled with life instead of death.


Five years ago, I faced a painful loss: the breakup of my 20-year marriage.  Though I was a psychologist and had counseled others through similar situations, I felt that I would not be able to overcome my sorrow alone.  All my life, especially during my childhood and adolescence, I had heard Philippians 4:13; but I never stopped to realize its importance.  The message speaks about the truth and power of the promise of Jesus Christ.

I turned to God.  Through this personal spiritual connection, I learned that God is always present to comfort our spirits and to sustain us in challenging times.  Without God in my life, I would not have been able to overcome my pain and sadness.

Today I live strengthened by God’s love.  My prayer is that God’s presence may reside in each person who is hurting.


On a recent vacation, my family visited Cades Cove, a valley in the Great Smoky Mountains.  We drove along the road, taking in the scenery and stopping along the way at historical sites:  cabins, churches, and a rustic mill.  We hoped to see wildlife, including bears.

I remember standing in a meadow, in an open space with no barriers, no inhibitions, no limits; and I felt free.  Then I remembered that the bears ranged free, too.  It struck me: Am I really safe here?

We live in a culture that wants no fences; we want the freedom to do whatever we choose, but we also want to be secure.  Christ said that within the boundaries of truth, we are free (John 8:32), free from danger, temptation, deception, and insecurity.  To be free within boundaries seems like a contradiction.  But if I stood in the valley within sight of a bear, I wouldn’t feel free at all; I might even feel trapped.

Living within the boundaries of the truth of Christ, we are safe, whole, and at rest.


When five of my relatives visited one night for a family meal, I noticed that we didn’t have enough food to make it around the table.  I caught my mom’s eye and nodded at the platter of beef.  She understood and made a gesture as if to say, “Don’t worry about it.”

Mom finished eating dinner before everyone else; then I realized she had taken the smallest piece of beef to make sure that no one walked away from the table hungry.

Many times, I have seen my mom think of others before she thinks of herself.  My mom’s loving sacrifices remind me of the ultimate sacrifice God made for us.  God sacrificed “his only begotten Son” to atone for our sins.  Occasionally, we forget or are simply unaware of how great God’s sacrifice was.  We must remember and pass on our understanding of God’s sacrificial love.

I have tried to follow my mom’s example of putting others’ needs before her own.  Someday I hope to show my children how our daily sacrifices can be small reflections of God’s love.


I was camping in a heavily wooded area and had walked to a nearby lake to watch the beautiful sunset.  In the near dark, I discovered that the batteries on my flashlight were almost worn out.  I would have to make my way back to camp on an unfamiliar path in the dark woods with only a feeble light for a guide.

The flashlight dimly illuminated the path.  Rocks and tree roots that hadn’t mattered in the daylight made the trip difficult in darkness.  But by using caution, I was able to walk back to camp with only a few minor stumbles.

Scripture explains that God’s word is a lamp and a light for believers.  While not showing the entire path, it lights up a step or two ahead to prepare us for obstacles that may lie in front of us.

The guidance God gives in the Bible helps illuminate the bumpy paths we travel in life.  Through daily prayer and Bible study, we are equipped to meet the trials and opportunities of daily living.  We can walk through life confidently while staying within the light of God’s loving instruction.


I wanted the youth to think I was the greatest.  I wanted them to tell their friends, “Hey, come to our church; our youth pastor is amazing.”  When we planned a countywide event, I wanted to make it incredible; but organizing the event was a struggle because of my motivation: I was trying to prove myself, rather than focusing on what God was doing in our community.

Satan tried to force Jesus to prove himself by taunting, “Since you are God’s Son. . .”.  But Jesus didn’t take the bait because he didn’t need to prove himself.  Jesus knew who he was and what he was to do.  He also knew that Satan wanted him to focus on himself rather than on God.  Jesus defeated Satan’s scheme by quoting God’s word and glorified God through his obedience.

We may feel that we need to prove ourselves, but our job is to point people to God.  We don’t need to prove that we are good enough for God.  God approves of us and considers us valuable enough to send Christ to earth to die for our sins.  God already loves us.


As I was having a blood test, the clinician noticed that we shared the same birthday.  Then she looked disheartened, as she told me the day’s horoscope message for Pisces people like us: “Don’t expect all your dreams to come true.”  I had the impression that she felt discouraged about more than her horoscope.

Out of my mouth came the words, “I don’t really believe in horoscopes.  God is much bigger than a horoscope, and he can make your dreams come true.”  I saw her face light up; she looked more hopeful.

I had often prayed for opportunities for God to use me despite my timid nature.  I felt encouraged that God had given me the words to reassure her and also the boldness to share them.  We both were encouraged.  I pray that she will come to know Jesus as her Savior and that she can put her hope and trust in him.


Shortly after celebrating my 75th birthday, I sensed a calling from God to become involved in an ecumenical prison ministry called Kairos.  With significant reluctance — but with prayer — I eventually responded to the prodding of God’s Spirit and am now involved in ministry with three different correctional facilities.

What a remarkable learning experience this has proved to be — beginning with the fact that God’s timing (kairos in Greek) is so very different from the time kept by the watch I wear on my wrist (chronos).  While I have tried to serve God throughout my life, what a joy it is to know that we can be useful and usable at any age!

Paul’s instructions in Philippians 2:12 apply to each of us individually.  For me that means continuing to listen for and to obey God’s call on my time and resources.

As a follower of Jesus I pray that all of us will find our calling from God.  The list provided in Matthew 25 — feeding the hungry and thirsty, welcoming the stranger, clothing the naked, visiting the sick or imprisoned, or befriending the lonely — is a good place to start.


Her name was Tee.  She had been a patient several times on the Palliative Care Unit where I am a music volunteer.  With an inoperable tumor on her spine slowly sapping her strength, she had come to the end of her life’s journey.  She lay on her special air bed, her face slack and unresponsive.  In the room with her were her husband and her two small children, as well as her mother and sisters and a host of friends.  I pulled out one of my wooden flutes and played a song for her.  As the last note was sounding, Tee passed from this life.  She was only 28 years old.  Most would say Tee died too young.

The followers of Jesus probably thought the same thing as they watched him die.  I’m sure they thought that was the end of the story, but we now know that it wasn’t.  Because Jesus overcame death, he lives in our hearts and lives today.

It wasn’t the end of Tee’s story either.  She lives on in her two little girls and in the love that her family had for her.  She lives on in the eternal life promised to us through Jesus Christ.


 “Come see,” I called to my mom; and she would leave the laundry to study an inchworm.  When my experiment was complete, she returned to the unfolded clothes.  “Mom, let’s go for a ride.”  Though she had been elbow-deep in dishwater, she would join me for a jeep ride.  When we returned, she finished the dishes.  Mom saw these interruptions as opportunities to build a relationship with me — her youngest child.

The healing of the paralytic is one example of how Jesus dealt with interruptions.  When other people found Jesus involved in something else, they interrupted.  Our savior seldom objected; he stopped, listened, and met their need.  Jesus was available to those who needed him.

We may feel we have no room for interruptions.  But suspending our ordinary duties to reach out to other people could be the defining moment in their lives and possibly in ours.  By considering the way Jesus responded to interruptions, we can begin to view interruptions as opportunities to be Jesus for other people.


Our lives are full of changes — some good and some not so good.  Most of us dislike change; we often go kicking and screaming into a new way of thinking or a new way of doing things.  Nevertheless, we know that we will experience change from time to time.

Sometimes we even embrace change, especially when it improves our physical or emotional comfort.  We often make changes to improve our image, the way we look, with new clothes or new hairstyles.  But while such changes may affect the way others see us, they are only one aspect of our being — the exterior.

Sometimes it is more difficult to embrace inner changes.  Changing our inner selves begins with prayer.  Have we asked God to help us be free from hatred, resentment, a lack of forgiveness?  Have we asked to be free from fear or pride that can easily harm us and others?

Maybe Psalm 51, David’s prayer, is a good place for us to start: “Create in me a clean heart, O God, and put a new and right spirit within me.”


Recently our Jewish friends celebrated the feast of Purim, which commemorates the deliverance of the Jewish people from death.  King Xerxes I of Persia had ordered the eradication of all the Jews in his kingdom.  This would have included Mordecai and possibly even his niece, Xerxes’ own Queen Esther (whose Jewish heritage had been hidden).  This led Mordecai to issue Esther a challenge to plead with the king on behalf of her people: “Who knows whether you have come to your royal position for such a time as this?”

This is a question for all of us!  In each generation, God appoints men and women to work for justice in that age.  We are alive in this amazing day and hour when the whole world is longing for answers and God is saying, “Whom shall I send?  And who will go for us?” He is awaiting those who will come forward and say, “Here am I.  Send me!”  But know this: Deliverance will come for all those who trust in God.  We all can ask ourselves, Would I rather God use someone else for the task chosen for me?

God calls each of us, and each of us can rise to the occasion!


While a pastor in Three Rivers, Michigan, I became good friends with one of the other pastors in our community.  Over the 18 years I ministered in that community, he and I exchanged pulpits often.  On other occasions I was privileged to hear him preach.  After making a particular point he would say, “Can I get a witness?”  He was saying, “Is there someone who agrees with me?”

Perhaps that is the essence of witnessing — agreeing with Jesus by sharing with others the experiences we have had since we turned our lives over to him.  This includes the good, bad, and ugly experiences that we all have during our lives; Jesus has been with us through them all.  In his defense before King Agrippa, the apostle Paul told of how he persecuted believers and then later how God had chosen him to “bear witness to the lowly and the great” (Acts 26:22, CEB).

Thomas Aquinas once stated that when you want to convert a person to your view, you go over to where he is standing, take him by the hand, and guide him.  You don’t stand across the room and shout at him.  This is what we need to do: take the hands of those around us and guide them to the love and salvation of Jesus Christ.


Early one morning as I stood motionless on the back deck sipping my coffee, a ruby-throated hummingbird hovered just inches away from my face, beak to nose.  I could feel the rush of air from his wings.  Incredibly, he appeared to be as fascinated with me as I was with him!

After that experience, I wanted to know as much as I could about hummingbirds — their habits and their habitats, what they ate, and what kind of flowers they liked.  I wanted to spend more time with these fascinating creatures.  Personal experience is often like that.  The more intimate our encounter with something or someone, the more profound our desire to know and experience more.

This is especially true in our search to know God.  The Bible points the way for us to experience an intimate and personal relationship with Jesus.  Knowing God is about encounter!  And when we truly experience the love of the living Christ through the scriptures and the circumstances of our lives, we always want more.


The telephone rang at 2 a.m.  “This is the police department.  We’ve picked up a mother and three children.  The kids are in pretty bad shape.”

Such calls have become a routine part of my life in my almost 30 years as a social worker.  Witnessing the physical, sexual, and emotional abuse or severe neglect inflicted by out-of-control adults has colored my world and filled me with deep anger.  Sorrow followed anger as I saw many children had learned the defense, “I’m gonna hurt you before you hurt me.”  I knew that without intervention, they could easily follow their abusive parents’ pattern.

Many of these adults had never experienced genuine love and acceptance.  They didn’t know how to appropriately care for a child.  Often I was tempted to go through the motions of trying to help them without showing genuine love and respect.  But I learned that when I allowed God to love through me — to change me — I increased the likelihood of seeing lasting change in both parents and children.  By confessing my own brokenness, I could more effectively minister to theirs.  When we acknowledge our own imperfections, we can point others to God’s love, which heals the brokenness in each of us.


My wife and I were driving through a desolate area when our dirt road entered a shadowed mountain gorge, winding beside a stream.  Above us towered enormous rock buttresses.  Time and time again we seemed to face a dead end in the road.  At the last moment, the single lane wound around a huge rock and continued before us.  Because there was barely enough space to turn around, our fear was that the road would truly dead-end, leaving us stranded.  Finally, after endless heart-stopping twists and turns, we entered a spacious valley with grazing sheep and cattle.  We had passed through the heart of that dreaded mountain range.

Sometimes life is like that road: we seem about to be trapped in a dead end, with no apparent way of escape.  Our dead end may be financial, marital, or health-related.  How wonderful to hear God say, “I am about to do a new thing: . . . I will make a way in the wilderness and rivers in the desert.”  The way may be narrow and tough, but God makes a way.  The Lord has done this for me over and over, and in the time of my worst fears, I trust God to do it again.


My mother was 95 years old when she died.  Two weeks prior to her death, she was signing birthday cards.  But she didn’t select only the few needed for the next two months; she signed cards to be used through the next six months.  Then she mailed them.  On the outside of each envelope my mother wrote, “Better early than never.”  In her own way, my mother was preparing us for her death.

Jesus did the same with his disciples.  In his last months on earth, he told them, “When I am lifted up from the earth, I will draw everyone to me.”  He was preparing them for his death, but he didn’t stop there.  He also said, “You will be my witnesses in Jerusalem, in all Judea and Samaria, and to the ends of the earth” (Acts 1:8, NRSV).  Jesus was preparing his disciples for his death and for their life!

It is the same for us.  Prepared for death, we still mourn our loss.  Prepared for life, we become witnesses for Christ.  I want to be prepared for both.


I never attended church growing up, so for me Easter was all about hunting eggs and getting a day off from school or work.  Even after I began attending church regularly, I still didn’t completely understand what was special about Easter, or what the Resurrection meant.

At that time my focus was more on being successful.  I had built for myself the life that I thought I had always wanted.  But then I developed epilepsy, and a 30-year career was suddenly ended.  Unable to work, or even to drive, I felt dead inside.  Life as I had known it was over.  All I could think of was, Lord, what will I do now?

It would have been easy then to lose all hope and just give up.  But after much prayerful thought and consideration, I realized that even though my old life might have ended, there was still much that I could do.  So, I began to put my efforts into the ministries of the church.  As God gave new meaning to my life, the message of Easter has become clear to me.  No matter what disasters we face, with God’s help we can build from the ashes — and with Jesus, experience new life.


Peter had doubts.  That’s why he started to sink.  But when he had faith, he was walking on water!  I am learning that when we have faith, we, too, can do amazing things.

When I first started my Monday morning choir club in a small Ukrainian town, I had some doubts about my ability to conduct such a club.  And, of course, when I first thought about becoming a volunteer English teacher in a country far from home, I had even more doubts.  But I felt that volunteering would open doors for me to share God’s love with new people.  So, I decided to have faith in God and follow the call to Ukraine.

Monday is becoming my favorite day of the week.  I have so much fun singing and dancing that sometimes I think I may be more excited about it than my fifth graders.  With God’s love and mercy, we can find the strength and courage to step out in faith and do extraordinary things.


Since childhood, I have struggled with stuttering.  In elementary school I hated reading in front of my classmates.  Family members were impatient, and friends teased me by asking me to say words I couldn’t pronounce.  My speech problem became a joke that I learned to laugh about as well.  Then, one day, while reading my Bible I began to notice the word ask.  That’s it, I thought to myself.  Jesus told us we could ask for anything in his name and he would do it.

In prayer, I began to cry out, asking God to take this aggravation from me.  God’s response came when I stumbled across a website dedicated to people who stutter.  It suggested that sometimes stuttering can be worsened by not breathing deeply enough before speaking.  Really?  I thought.  Could it be that simple?  I began to remind myself to breathe deeply before speaking, and my stuttering problem slowly went away.

We all have personal issues and unfortunate life circumstances that God wants to help us with.  What are we holding on to that can be given to God?  Whatever it is, if we trust what Jesus promised in John 14:14, we can pray daily, asking for help.  Then we can wait expectantly for God’s answer.


I love crosses.  I wear one on a necklace around my neck at all times.  I have many crosses in my home that I have brought back from mission trips and travels to other countries.  They remind me of where I’ve been and the people who made them.

But beyond that, I wonder, What message are we sending when we wear a cross or display one in our home?  As a Roman instrument of capital punishment, a cross was where Jesus and many others died.  But Jesus was removed from a cross and rose from death in the resurrection.  For Christians, the cross is not the end of the story.  It’s the place where heaven and earth met in one momentous event that changed the world.

During Lent, we sing lots of hymns about the cross.  And at Easter, we raise our alleluias to the empty cross that reminds us that Jesus is not dead but rose again.  The message of the cross is as simple and as complex as that:  Because Jesus lives even now, we have the hope of eternal life in heaven.


Many times, King David, the writer of Psalm 23, needed to have his soul restored — to have life put back into him.  When Saul was chasing David and threatening to kill him, God restored David’s courage and confidence.  During those days of grief after David lost his son Absalom in death, God restored his soul.  When David sinned with Bathsheba and felt the heavy hand of God on him as a result, God restored his soul also restored relationship with him.

In this psalm, that relationship is depicted as a shepherd with his sheep.  When a sheep has lots of wool and falls over onto its side, it is very difficult for it to get up again.  After a few hours, the sheep’s stomach will expand with gases and eventually compress its lungs.  If the shepherd doesn’t intervene to restore the sheep to an upright position and then massage its legs to restore circulation, the sheep will soon die.

In a similar way, when sins or trials put us flat on our backs, overwhelming us with grief and despair, it takes a shepherd to restore our souls.  As we pray, read and meditate on scripture, and fellowship with other believers, our Shepherd reassures us with his grace and mercy and gives us back our strength, joy, and courage.


Our house was in foreclosure, I couldn’t pay the bills, I had been denied public assistance, and I had three young children counting on me.  I was angry, ashamed, and afraid.  I felt emotionally and spiritually dead.

When I desperately cried out to God for help, I felt God say to me, as Christ commanded Lazarus, “Come out!”  Through my tears, I could sense God’s loving whisper, “You don’t need to hide in shame.  Let your friends and family know what you’re dealing with.  I’ll walk through this with you.”

Trusting in God, I realized that my fear of being judged was unwarranted.  When I talked about my situation with my family and with Christian friends, I received love and support.  They helped unbind me from fear and shame.  For the first time in many years, I was free.  I could move in a positive, healthy direction, knowing that God was and always had been by my side.

Whenever we are bound by anger, shame, or fear we can cry out to God and trust God to be with us.  We can be unbound and free.  A wonderful world waits for us, as do the people who love us and need us.


As an experienced mountain climber, I should have known better than to hike without a detailed map.  I got to my designated point of departure without any trouble.  But while the trail was marked pretty well, I did encounter false paths, fields crowded with boulders with no visible trail, and places where the markers were either faded by time or obscured by new tree growth and moss.  Therefore, I spent the time on the trail having to search for the next marker, stare at overly simplified directions, or double back to a known trail position.  A detailed map would have allowed me to hike with confidence, to admire the beauty of the vistas, flora, and fauna, and to enjoy the peace and quiet away from the city.

This experience reminded me of the importance of spiritual touchstones.  Without worship, prayer, and Bible study the path of my Christian journey is not as clear, and I find I’m less comfortable as I approach the different turns and false paths of life.  Continual reading, discussion, and meditation make our walk with Christ more meaningful and joyful, giving us a fresh sense of where we need to be heading.


White flowers adorned the altar, and the youth group had taken special care to decorate the old church building for the Easter service.  The church was overflowing; people stood in the balcony and outside.  As a congregation we stood and sang, “Crown him, Lord of lords.”  I felt as if we were a part of the crowning ceremony of our Lord Jesus Christ.  I had seen many pictures of kings and leaders being crowned, and I felt blessed to be part of crowning the King.  Jesus our Lord gave up his Father’s kingdom to become mortal and to sacrifice his life so that we could be saved.

As we drove home from the church service, the song still lingered in my mind.  I wondered what kind of crown I had placed on the head of Jesus — the kingly crown of a faithful life or the thorny crown of a sinful life?  Singing with the congregation made me realize that we can examine our hearts and acknowledge that we need our Lord.  After that, we can repent and offer our hearts to the One who saved us, who shed his blood for us.  Our humble, repentant hearts are precious jewels in the crown of our Lord Jesus Christ.


Recently I received a message from an old friend who was having trouble loving one of his family members.  My advice to the friend was to pray for the situation.  Then I suggested that he call or go to the family member and tell them how he felt.  I told him that I believed that God would be with him as he talked to the family member about the matter.

It may be very hard to put aside our differences and ask God to help us love those who have hurt us.  Yet, in John 13:34 Jesus says that we are to love one another.  Certainly, loving someone who has hurt us — or someone we love — is not easy.  Jesus shows us the way; we love others as he loved us.  Jesus loved us so much that he was willing to die for us: “This is how we know what love is: Jesus Christ laid down his life for us.  And we ought to lay down our lives for our brothers and sisters.”  I think this means that we are to love everyone, even those we find very hard to love.

And when we love in this way, the world will notice: Jesus said, “By this everyone will know that you are my disciples, if you love one another” (John 13:35, NIV).


In today’s reading, Jesus assured his apostles that they would receive eternal life.  Then in the very next verse, he told them that he was going to Jerusalem to die a violent death.  After leaving behind jobs and family to follow Jesus, they had to face the reality that the One they were following would soon die.  They might have been wondering if they were going to have to die too.

Sometimes today our journey with Christ involves leaving our old lives.  When I was considering graduate schools, I visited one far from my hometown.  I felt called there but wrestled with the decision.  I feared leaving the established for the unknown, letting go of possibilities closer to home, and losing things that I cherished about my life at the time.

This passage from Luke 18 encouraged me.  Sometimes following Christ can mean leaving familiar, expected, secure things behind.  It can mean facing the death of comfortable patterns and even potential opportunities.  In following faithfully where God calls, we can witness new life — just as the disciples witnessed abundant new life on Easter morning.


During Easter week, I attended a Christian conference where we celebrated Communion together.  We formed a line down the center aisle, and two elderly men stood up front to serve us.  Receiving the elements of Communion in this way was different for me; at my home church, we pass the plates of bread and grape juice to each other as we remain seated.

While I waited in line, I noticed that the men up front spoke to each person they served, though I couldn’t hear what they said.  When it was my turn, the man holding the bread looked at me with kind eyes and said, “Nancy, the body of Christ, broken for you.”  I took a piece of bread and dipped it in the cup of grape juice.  The man holding the cup said, “Nancy, the blood of Christ, shed for you.”

My eyes blurred with tears as I made my way back to my seat, overwhelmed with emotion.  Though I knew that both men had read my conference name tag, somehow hearing my name spoken out Ioud had made this Communion personal, as if Jesus himself had served me.

This experience — and my response to it — reminded me that sometimes I get so busy, so distracted, that I forget Jesus’ great suffering on the cross for my sins.  No wonder Paul encourages us to take time to remember.  He said, “As often as you eat this bread and drink the cup, you proclaim the Lord’s death until he comes.”


Ever since my son, Steve, died in 2006, I have looked at Easter a little differently.  The first Holy Week after his death was hard, but after some reflection, it took on new meaning.  As I thought about this Lenten period, I started with Palm Sunday — a day of celebration.  We are on top of the world.  We are triumphant and joyful.

Often our lives follow the pattern of Holy Week.  We have to go through the trials, the days of prayer and preparation, the Thursdays of betrayal and the washing of feet, the Fridays of death, and the Saturdays where God seems silent.  We think the Sundays will never come, but they do!  Praise God!  There is new life — the power of resurrection to sustain us.

I am learning and making note of this process.  Life will have more triumphs, more times for fervent prayer, more trials, more suffering, more heartbreak, more betrayal, more death, but also more Sundays when Christ’s triumph over death leads us forward into new life.


I remember when Megan was first learning to play the piano.  She became frustrated because she couldn’t just sit down and play a song.  She had to struggle and practice for hours.  Finally she became really good.  Now she can play many different songs.  There are times when she will play while I am cleaning the kitchen, and I love to listen!  When she continues to practice, she gets better and better every day.

Sometimes we set similarly unrealistic expectations for our faith.  We accept Christ as our Savior and think we should instantly have perfect lives.  We expect our faith should be strong enough to move mountains.  But just like playing the piano, maturing in faith takes practice.  Faith is like a muscle that needs to be worked in order to grow and stay strong.  The more we read the Bible and spend time with God in prayer, the stronger we become in our faith.  As the psalmist says, God’s word will be a sweet taste to us, like honey to our mouths.  (See Ps. 119:103.)  God’s word will help us stay on the right path.  Through continuing practice, we become wise in the ways of our Lord and Savior.


I was a very young man when I entered Bible college to prepare for full-time ministry.  I felt inadequate for the demanding work that lay ahead.  Who was I to imagine that I could be a leader and pastor of God’s people?  But throughout my time in college, we spoke a lot about Joshua’s experience.  I realized that Joshua probably felt the same as I did when he was faced with the challenge of leading the Israelites into the Promised Land.  Maybe that is why Moses repeatedly urged him to be strong and courageous.  He was keenly aware that by himself he lacked the resources for the demands of leadership in the years ahead.  Joshua knew his limitations.

As we face the challenges of our day, we too may feel inadequate and weak.  But God still calls us to serve.  It remains true that “God chose the weak things of the world to shame the strong” (1 Cor. 1:27).  But it is also still true that whom God calls God also equips.  God’s grace is sufficient for every task.


On the day we refer to as Palm Sunday Jesus passed through the gates of Jerusalem on his way to keep God’s promise.  The crowd and the disciples praised him, but Jesus said that if they didn’t, the rocks would!  All things God made can glorify their Creator.

But can I?  I know that sometimes I am disobedient and resistant to correction, and because I struggle with mental illness, my thoughts are scattered, my social cues all wrong.  I despair of myself, questioning if the love and praise of someone like me has value.  But this scripture reminds me that even rocks can praise the Creator, and I have been created to praise God, too.

One way I can praise God is through singing in my church choir.  Praise music has helped me memorize scripture.  Through constant repetition at choir rehearsals, scripture set to music has shaped me and is now with me always.  Even when it is hard for me to focus, I can remember who God is and what God has done for me.  Despairing or joyful, I can draw near to God.  The Lord rejoices over me with singing (see Zeph. 3:17), and like the rocks, I sing back!


The large advertising poster outside the church showed me that the address I had prepared would not fit this occasion.  I had mistakenly believed that I was to speak at a women’s rally.  Instead, I now saw that my audience would consist of representatives from churches around the district.  I went into the church feeling numb with desperation.

What am I going to say to these good people when my turn comes to address them?  I hadn’t a clue and still didn’t know even while sitting beside the pulpit, ready to be introduced as speaker.  Help me, Lord!  I pleaded.

Then into my mind came clear direction: Imaginatively present Gospel stories as you do with your group.  In our women’s Bible study group when looking at the Gospels, we enter into the story and become part of it.  For example, when we study the passage about the Wedding at Cana, we “attend” the wedding.  This way of looking at the Gospels is not new.  It was practiced by St. Ignatius of Loyola.

I stood up, all fear gone, and took the congregation on several imaginary journeys into Gospel scenes.  They were totally focused on my presentation and listened with rapt attention.  I had once more discovered that God helps us when we admit our helplessness.


“I am excited to see what God has planned.”  I heard these words from a co-worker who lost a full-time job and benefits due to company downsizing.  Someone who was unsure of where she would be working the next day was at peace — calm and secure in God’s care.

Within a short time my irritation and anxiety with the cutbacks began to evaporate in the warmth of the trust in God that radiated from this co-worker.  From her calm assurance in God’s care for her family, serenity drifted to every corner of the once-unsettled office.

I continue to grow from my co-worker’s example by exchanging my thoughts of worry for belief.  I can trust in God to care for me and my family today and in the future.  God delivers peace into the dull routine as well as the most frustrating circumstances.

As I have learned from this experience, a struggling economy — and even downsizing — does not define a relationship with God.  Even in the midst of unsettling situations, trusting in God can bring perfect peace.


Eager to accept the challenge to keep watch with Jesus, during Lent I set aside a time to pray for one hour.  As I see Easter approaching, I remember Christ’s agony in Gethsemane, his disappointment over one who betrayed him and one who denied him.  On the cross, Jesus poured out his blood to purchase eternal life for me and for all who believe.  I’m awestruck by such great love!

After a time, I ran out of words to express this love, and I began to think of other things.  I thought about a family dealing with a job loss.  I prayed that the right job would open up.  I prayed for the children’s emotional well-being.  I prayed that financial needs would be met.  I wondered, What can I do to help in a tangible way?  When the answer came, I extended my prayer to follow through with action.

In my hour of watching with Jesus, I discovered that there are many ways to pray: Write an uplifting note to someone who is ill or going through a tough time.  Prepare meals for a family in crisis.  Take a person who is homebound to lunch or to a medical appointment.  Anything we do to improve the well-being of another one of God’s people can be a way of  “watching with Jesus.”


I had taken part in foot washing and Communion in my home church every Thursday before Easter since my youth.  As a pastor, I had made preparations for such services.

This day’s service was much the same, though the setting was different.  This service was taking place in Kenya, East Africa, where I was a missionary — and the feet I was washing belonged to my dear friend and co-worker, Jackson.

Jackson had responsibility for overseeing several churches among his father’s tribe, the Maasai.  Transportation to the more remote villages was limited so his feet had thickly calloused soles and scars from walking to and from the churches.  As I washed his feet, I realized how beautiful they were because, like the feet of Jesus, they brought good news wherever they went.

Our small acts of service may go unnoticed or unappreciated by the world, but they are noticed by the Lord of life.  What a privilege it is to serve in the same spirit of love that motivated Jesus!


I attend a Christian university and was recently required to read an article about the physiological changes that Christ would have experienced during his crucifixion.  Holy Week is a time to remember that Christ died for our sins, but most of the time I’m only vaguely aware of the reality of his death.  Reading about the hours of Christ’s torture and physical degradation, I couldn’t help but sob, “God, make it stop!”  I was only reading about the event.  How must Jesus’ mother have felt?  How must God have felt?

I was consumed by a deep sorrow for such irrepressible cruelty.  At the same time I was flooded with gratitude, fully aware that Christ willingly submitted to this terrible death on the cross.  As I thought of what Jesus said at the Last Supper, “Do this in remembrance,” I realized that we are to remember not only who Jesus was but also how and why he died.  I am overwhelmingly grateful.


Jesus had been crucified.  His life was over.  Women standing nearby watched as his body was removed from the cross and taken away for burial.  Then they departed for home.  Resolved to honor one last time the man they had followed, they prepared embalming spices and perfumes for the Lord’s body.

I try to imagine what the women were feeling.  Jesus claimed to be the Christ, yet he died a criminal’s death.  Hope surely gave way to confusion and disappointment as their minds cried out, It’s all over.  He was not the Messiah.

Many times in my life I have stopped believing just short of answered prayer.  When God’s answer seemed to be “no,” my optimism would turn to defeated acceptance.  But later I would rejoice to discover that what seemed the end of hope was only a delay, a difference between God’s timing and mine.

The women who went home to prepare spices and perfumes teach us how to handle times when all seems lost.  We can continue in prayer, do what seems right, and trust that at any moment, God may pour out rich blessings on our lives.  God raised Jesus from the grave.  We are God’s children too.  What will God do for us?


When I was a little girl, my parents hid my Easter basket in unusual places.  When I woke up, I followed clues that led me all over the house, into the yard, and even into the barn.  Scrambled messages encouraged me to look in odd places.  I found my basket tucked in the ironing closet, in the car, or behind a hay bale.  What joy to find Easter goodies waiting for me!

Easter celebrates good news hidden in surprising places.  Who would think to discover new life in a graveyard?  Who expects crying to turn into joy?  Who imagines forgiveness in despair?  On Easter morning, the women discovered the risen Christ in the midst of their sorrow and tears.

At times we think that God has forgotten us, but God promises to find us even in the darkest valleys and the farthest corners of the world.  We should not be surprised to discover God wherever we are in need.  In hospital rooms, in moments of fear, in times of disagreement and confusion, God astonishes us with grace and love.  Easter reminds us to have open hearts and spirits so that we can see God in unusual places.  Let us rejoice; the risen Christ is with us today and always.  Alleluia!


On a Sunday morning, there’s nowhere I’d rather be than in worship.  But for many people church is not their first choice, unless it’s Easter or Christmas Eve.

Last Easter I chatted with some visitors after church.  “Loved it!” one 30-something man said.  “If church were like this every week I’d probably come.”  Two of our young families turned around and joined the conversation.  “It is like this every week,” they said.  ‘This place is alive all the time; that’s the whole point of Easter!”

I left the visiting family deep in conversation with our vibrant, “living” church members.  But I didn’t forget what they said.  Jesus’ followers should be alive all the time; that’s the whole point of Easter.


We live on top of a tall ridge in East Tennessee in a beautiful setting with a panoramic view of the Great Smoky Mountains.  Frequently this serene setting is interrupted by the beat of the medical helicopter from the University of Tennessee Medical Center, which flies over our home on its way to the hospital.

When we first began noticing the helicopter, we were bothered by the noise.  As time went on, we realized that each flight meant that someone was in dire medical need.  Each time we heard the helicopter, we would pray — for the crew and the people involved with this mission of mercy, that all would work out well and according to God’s plan.

One day we were able to see a profoundly brighter side to these situations.  Yes, the medical helicopter is sent out in serious circumstances.  But the mere fact that it is in transit implies that help is on the way.

Psalm 46:1 reminds us that “God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble.”  Today, we still pray for the helicopter crew and those receiving their services.  But we also offer thanks that God is present, providing strength and comfort to each person.


With an all-encompassing dread, I feared making mistakes.  When I inadvertently did something wrong, I kept quiet and hoped no one would find out.

I entered the corporate world in my fifties.  One day, a mistake was made on the job, and my boss prepared to inform the offender that mistakes would not be tolerated.  With a knot in my stomach, I took a deep breath, interrupted the conversation, and confessed, “It was my fault.  I didn’t provide the correct information.”  Silence filled the room.  My boss looked at me in disbelief.  At first, I braced for the tirade to come; but then I felt my stomach ease.  Admitting my error had brought peace to my spirit.

Confession gives us peace and returns us to a right relationship with the Lord.  The sooner we confess our sins, the less time we spend with a wall standing between us and God.  Not admitting our mistakes creates walls in our personal relationships as well.  The people we wrong may never realize that we are at fault, but our fear of being found out can destroy the friendship.  Restoration with God and with other people begins with confession.  Freedom comes when we admit our imperfections.


Many years ago, my grandmother was riding in a canoe through the wilds of the northern Canadian woods.  Her guide was an old native man who was paddling her to a remote resort.  Dusk was falling, and she had noticed earlier that he had cataracts.  A little anxious, she asked if he needed any help in seeing the shoreline.  Smiling, the guide replied, “No, but thank you.  I learned some time ago to go as far as I can see and when I get there, I can see that much farther.”

I heard that story many years ago when I was a young man.  However, it really didn’t resonate with me until recently.

My wife is now struggling (and fighting bravely) against lung cancer.  For the past five years, the disease has been present and active.  Terrific medical people have helped — with chemotherapy and radiation — but the disease is still there.

Her fight — and mine — is to let her treatments take us as far as we can see and then to go on with new vision and new resolve, coping with what the next day brings.  Our comfort is that we are not alone!  Jesus, the light of the world, is with us.


One of the unfortunate effects of aging is the inability to read without glasses.  My husband and I have purchased several pairs of magnifying eyeglasses and placed them strategically throughout the house so that we can see the words in the phone book, in the newspaper, or on the computer.  Without magnification, words on a page are a blur and we are unable to decipher the information we need.

After Jesus’ death, his disciples’ vision was limited.  They had relied on Jesus to lead them and to show them how the scriptures were fulfilled in him.  While they knew their mission was to carry on his teachings, without Jesus to light their way their vision was clouded by doubt and confusion.  When God sent the Holy Spirit, they were able to see with clarity the promises of scripture.  God will do the same for us.  Receiving the gift of the Holy Spirit can magnify the solutions to our problems and show us the way.


Offensive words — big, stark, and depressing — had been scrawled on the wall of the building.  Someone came along with a can of paint and painted over the words.  The result was a clean, attractive wall.

I had inscribed across my life words, behaviors, and attitudes that were offensive to God.  They often appeared in my mind, especially when I began to seek God.  How could God, who is righteous, accept me with all the moral and spiritual graffiti polluting my life?

Then I heard about Jesus Christ and the cross.  Jesus saw the slate of my failures and offenses and paid the penalty for them.  He not only forgave my sins, but also wiped my heart clean.  By faith in Christ as my Lord and Savior, I have a new beginning, a new destiny.  Calvary is the sign of sin’s defeat.  Before the Lord, we are clean.


One evening, I was out for a run.  I inhaled the cold, crisp winter air, chilling my whole body.  My stopping point was visible between the rays of the setting sun; but my leg muscles burned, and my heart pounded.  I have to push on!  I reminded myself.  The thought of stopping crossed my mind, but I was determined to finish.

At times in a physical race, runners may feel that they have no strength to continue.  Often, athletes keep pace with other people and fix their eyes on a distant object that represents the goal.  This can be true for our spiritual quest as well.  God blesses us with people close to us who help us to keep the faith.  We look to the Lord, who promises to give us the strength to push on until we reach our destination.

Pushing on toward the goal of life in Christ makes our life’s run worth every step taken.  But for now, we can pray as Paul prayed, “holding forth the word of life; that I may rejoice in the day of Christ, that I have not run in vain, neither laboured in vain” (Phil. 2:16, KJV).


I was at the nursing home visiting my mother when an elderly man stopped to talk to me.  He told me that he was one of nine children and that in the last years of his father’s life, his father had become blind.  “You know,” said the man, “even though he was blind, he knew each of us children by our voices.”  Blindness was not an obstacle to knowing and loving his children.

In the same way, Jesus told us, “I know my own and my own know me”  (John 10:14).  And in Romans 8, Paul reminds us that nothing can prevent us from having a relationship with Jesus Christ if we accept and get to know him.

Blindness could not prevent the elderly man’s father from knowing him.  How good it is to know that no obstacle can prevent us from having a relationship with our heavenly Father!


We all make plans.  We plan for the holidays, for a place to live, for our jobs, for our children, for our retirement.  But life is uncertain.  We don’t actually know what will happen tomorrow.  Trips are cancelled due to bad weather, holiday celebrations postponed because of illness.  We can only plan so much for our children; then they make their own choices.  We try to cushion ourselves against life’s uncertainties.  We buy insurance for our health, cars, and houses.  We plan and save for retirement.

Jesus told a story about a farmer who made plans.  He built barns to store his grain and planned to enjoy a life of ease.  But the farmer did not live to enjoy the fruits of his labor.  Jesus concluded the parable: “So it is with those who store up treasures for themselves but are not rich toward God” (Luke 12:21).  Christians see more to life than insuring ourselves against disaster.  We plan to be rich in things that matter to God rather than in material possessions.


When my husband left me with three children and a mortgage, I thought my life was close to impossible to bear.  I never had enough time, money, or help to get through the day.  I struggled not to feel sorry for myself, especially when it seemed as if everyone around me had a wonderful life.  Then one day I read about someone who practiced thinking of three things to be thankful for at the end of each day.  I decided to try it.

At first, I could think only of simple things — like being thankful for electricity and hot water for showers.  Then I realized that I had always taken those things for granted and that I really should be thankful for them.  As I continued this daily practice, it became easier; I began to notice more and more things to be thankful for.  I learned to be thankful for a phone call from a friend, the smell and beauty of a freshly mown lawn, the sound of my children laughing, and dinner on the table in the evening.  This gratitude has helped me to realize how many blessings God gives us every day that we seldom take the time to notice.  In turn, my gratitude has made my burdens easier to bear.


During a recent flight aboard a private plane, I sat in the co-pilot’s seat.  Five minutes into the trip, the pilot made a sharp left turn and began descending.  The air-traffic controller had informed him that another aircraft was heading in our direction.  This experience reminded me that the need to change direction is also part of our earthly journey, at times to steer us away from a dead-end path to one that is life-giving.

In the Bible we see this repeatedly.  Having observed and listened to Jesus, the tax collector Zaccheus realized that he wanted to know more.  He invited Jesus into his home, and that encounter changed Zaccheus.  He declared a new approach to how he dealt with people, saying, “Half of my possessions, Lord, I will give to the poor; and if I have defrauded anyone of anything, I will pay back four times as much.”  Jesus also spoke to Nicodemus (see John 3) and to the woman at the well (see John 4) about changing their direction.

This still happens today.  Through family members, friends, pastors, and even strangers, God continues to call us in new directions.  And as we pray, listen, and obey, we can trust that God will guide us on our journey through new territory.


My brother-in-law had quit a job he had held for more than 20 years and was looking for another one.  I told him I would pray for him, but he told me not to “bother” God, who had bigger problems to take care of.  I told him that God yearns to be “bothered.”  God wants us pray about anything — not just the big stuff, but all the stuff.

I’m thankful that “too busy” or “that’s not important enough for me to deal with” aren’t among God’s responses.  Imagine God saying, “Can we reschedule that for next week?  And instead of an hour, I can give you only 30 minutes — things are a bit hectic, what with the wars and the economic crises.”

Do you think God is more apt to listen to the prayers of church leaders, the president, or world dignitaries because of who they are or the magnitude of their problems or responsibilities? Acts 10:34 says God “does not show favoritism.”  No matter where we stand on the metaphorical ladder of importance, God listens to all of us with the same passion and concern and love.

You and I always have a standing appointment with God.  So we can go ahead and tell God what’s on our mind.  We can “bother” God, who’s always waiting to hear from us.


All of my life I have loved trees.  As a young girl, I would climb up into them, often with a favorite book in hand.  I sat happily among the canopy of leaves — my own special hiding place.  Later, their cool shade on a hot summer day offered the perfect spot for picnics with my daughters.  But more than these wonderful blessings, trees have been a source of inspiration to me and a reminder of God’s loving providence.

As a biologist, I understand the importance of trees for the wellbeing of all living things.  What miracles of creation they are!  Trees provide us with delicious fruits, fragrant flowers, life-saving medicines, and the air that we breathe.  Scientists refer to trees as the “lungs of the earth” because trees take in carbon dioxide and give off oxygen, giving us life.  In the new heaven and new earth described in scripture, the tree of life stands near the throne of God and “the leaves of the tree are for the healing of the nations” (Rev. 22:2).

When I read God’s word and look out my window, to me trees symbolize God’s majesty, wisdom, and steadfast love.  I am grateful for this gift that God created just for me .  .  .  and for you.


It is early morning, and I am walking along the shores of beautiful Lake Macquarie.  I can easily imagine the scene described in today’s reading and perhaps include myself in the picture.  The tired and disappointed disciples have been met and fed by their risen Lord.  Then, as they sat around, Jesus addressed Peter for the first time since Peter denied him.  “Peter, do you love me?” Jesus asked.  In reply Peter affirmed his love.  Jesus’ next words became Peter’s motivating commission from that time on: “Feed my sheep.”

In reality our Lord was saying, “If you really love me, prove it by doing what I need you to do:  Help others to love me and encourage them on their journey.”  Jesus’ statement reminds me of Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady expressing her frustration by singing, “Don’t talk of love lasting through time.  .  .  .  Show me now!” Based on how we sometimes behave, Jesus could say the same words to us: “Don’t just tell me you love me, show me.  Show me by your love in daily life and relationships.”  When we live close to Christ and allow him to nourish us, others can see the evidence of our love.


My daughter-in-law, Megan, grew up with a dog named Buddy, who was kept outside on a cable run between two shade trees.  Daily he was released for a taste of freedom.  If only Buddy had recognized that he was free!  Although he was released from his cable, he continued to run back and forth between the two trees as if nothing had changed.

When I glance in the mirror, I sometimes catch a glimpse of Buddy.  It’s not a wet snout or scruffy hair that catches my eye but a similar refusal to enjoy the freedom that’s been provided for me.  Divorced twice by the age of 27 and with two little boys in tow, I was overwhelmed by feelings of shame and condemnation.  I kept running back and forth between my past mistakes, as if confined by a cable that kept me from moving beyond that small area.

But when I read and truly believed Romans 8:1, I began to appreciate the freedom Christ has provided for me.  I memorized the verse and spoke it aloud every time shame or condemnation tugged at my heart.  I now choose to believe God’s truth:  No matter how we feel, we are free to move beyond our mistakes.  We can run in the unlimited freedom of God’s truth, confident of God’s love and acceptance.


During my summer vacations I work as a leader and trainer for an indoor challenge-and-fitness center.  Sunday school classes and birthday parties are held at the center, where participants enjoy rope climbing, obstacle courses, and other competitions.  When I first meet my assigned groups and explain the rules, I try to exhibit excitement in order to get them ready for the games.  I always shout in an animated voice, “Raise your hand if you’re ready for some fun!”  Usually only one or two people raise their hands.  I tell them, “Well then, fun will come to you!” The difference is that for those who raised their hands, enjoyment starts immediately; the others have to wait.

People are often bogged down with the cares of life and have difficulty rejoicing.  Paul told his readers that someday they’d be redeemed and ushered into God’s kingdom.  But why wait until then to rejoice?  He invites us to begin rejoicing now.


Several years ago, people from the former Soviet republics had to register in Russia or apply for citizenship.  The department accepted applications two days a week for three hours.  To be received at the 9:00 a.m. session, people started standing in line at 5:00 a.m., and even then sometimes they did not make it to the front of the line.

On the day I was registering, I discovered that to avoid arguments those who were on their second day of waiting had compiled a list to show who was next.  However, periodically, the head of the department came out and destroyed the list in an angry frenzy.  Then the line was thrown into disarray.

This situation reminded me of the passage above when Pharaoh laid heavier work on the Hebrew people by requiring them to go out and gather their own straw.  I sensed the same disdain in the actions of the department head.  Anger and indignation flooded up in me.  But I kept repeating to myself that God would take care of me.  Pharaoh oppressed the people of Israel, but God made them a chosen people.  Often people who have power can make our lives difficult.  But how wonderful that God is with us!


A number of years ago, I had a heart attack. My doctors performed a bypass operation and then prescribed medication and an exercise regimen. They also suggested I participate in a cardiac rehabilitation program. After a few weeks the doctors told me to continue an exercise program.  They also told me that with regular exercise and proper care, I could expect to have good health.

As I thought about what the doctors had prescribed for me — medication and exercise — I realized that I need regular “exercise” to maintain my spiritual health as well.

The apostle Peter was afraid that recently converted Christians would return to their old ways and stumble in their discipleship.  Often, we too can lose enthusiasm for our faith and fall back to our old, lethargic ways.  When such times come upon us, the Bible can be a valuable resource to hold us steady and reorient us to the way of Christ.  Having a program of daily devotions, such as reading The Upper Room and studying the Bible, can keep us from stumbling and move us on toward the abundant life Jesus promised.


In our reading for today, Jesus tells of a man who hired different workers at different times of the day: morning, noon, and evening.  When it was time for the workers to receive the wages promised to them, those who had worked all day were upset that those who came later were paid just as much as they.  The employer told them he had done no wrong, that he paid each one what he had promised.

So what caused these all-day workers to be upset?  They compared their situations to someone else’s.  If they had not compared, they would not have been dissatisfied.

Sometimes, looking at others’ lives, I become dissatisfied because theirs look richer and fuller than mine.  Maybe they have the kinds of relationships that I long for.  Or maybe they have luxuries that seem unattainable to me.  When we compare ourselves to someone else, we may end up feeling better than that person, which can fill us with pride; or we may end up feeling worse, which can fill us with insecurity and jealousy.

The parable we read today teaches us that focusing on what others have or do not have leaves us feeling empty.  If we focus instead on the goodness of God and how trustworthy and wonderful God is, we will find that the spiritual life offers riches beyond comparison.


When our son was around six years old, he would sometimes stop as we made our way home from our shop, saying, “Dad, I’m too tired to walk.”  I would answer, “Then you can run a little.”  That was one of those typical illogical answers that a child sometimes gets from an adult.  To be honest, I said it in order to distract him.  But to my surprise he restored his energy by changing pace, and he was not tired anymore.

We all can sometimes lose our energy simply because we get stuck at a certain pace.  We form our lives in certain routines, doing business as usual.  That’s why I admire the paralytic in this story from Mark’s Gospel.  When Jesus told him to stand up and walk, he had the courage to do so.  Jesus asked him not only to change pace but to do something he certainly was not used to doing.

Persevering in the faith requires us to be willing to listen to God’s voice calling us to change our routines, to do something we have not done before, and to enter areas we could never have imagined.  Such a change of pace takes courage.  But “the one who calls you is faithful” and will give us the grace we need to change (1 Thess. 5:24).


I grew up on a farm around many different animals.  By far the most labor-intensive of these were the sheep.  Caring for the sheep required much more work than taking care of our cattle. The sheep had to be checked on every day.  Individual sheep would wander away from the flock and get lost, and lambs would get separated from their mothers.  Whenever this happened there would be loud and plaintive bleating from the sheep, which would end only when one of us went to the field and brought the wandering sheep back to the flock.  I have many memories of my parents pouring out feed for the sheep and then counting them to make sure that all were safe.

Whenever I hear Jesus described as a shepherd, I smile.  We humans are like those difficult, wandering sheep — the ones who need so much care and tending, the ones who get lost so easily and need to be rounded up and brought back by a caring shepherd.  How patient and kind shepherds have to be!  But isn’t that how Christ is with us, always willing to seek us and bring us back to the fold?  When we stray and get lost, Christ loves us enough to look for us and bring us home.


My mother died a few days after my fourth birthday.  The only knowledge I have of her comes from stories my family tells.

When I was a teenager, my dad handed me an envelope.  Inside was a letter Mother had written to me before she passed away.  I read her handwritten note:  “I want to tell you how very much I love you and how I wanted and waited for you.  You probably won’t remember too much about me as the years go by, but I want you to grow into a fine young man, to be always mindful of God, and to ask for God’s direction.  Remember your mother loved you with all her heart and will always be with you in spirit.”

To be loved by someone I don’t remember is a strange, wonderful feeling.  Actually, we all can know what it feels like.  My mother’s love is but a reflection of the love of God, our parent, who has yearned for us from the beginning of time.

The Bible is a letter from God to us, reminding us of the love that mysteriously embraces us until we see God face to face.  As Jesus said, “Remember, I am with you always, to the end of the age” (Matt. 28:20).


During my college days I was zealous in my studies and my attempts to find work.  Yet my spirit felt hungry and dry.  While believing that being employed by a first-rate company would bring me happiness, I also had other questions: What is the purpose of my existence? What meaning is there in my giving myself to this work?  Life is limited to one time; therefore, I wanted to devote my life to something with real value.

I knew there should be something more important for me to learn, and I have always sought that true teaching.  Then I encountered the words of Jesus in the Bible.  Jesus offered me water that satisfies my spiritual thirst and became “a spring of water gushing up to eternal life.”  Before, I had seen God as distant from me.  Now, I have a very close relationship, like a father and daughter.

Now that nagging uneasiness is gone.  My heart is content.  I worship “in spirit and truth” (John 4:23), and I am enveloped in God’s love.  I give heartfelt thanks to God who shines in my heart and displaces the darkness of the world with the light of Christ.


I’ve always loved the parable of the lost son because it is a great illustration of God’s limitless grace, mercy, and forgiveness.  However, while many see this as a parable about the younger son, the story begins, “There was a man who had two sons.”  When I first read this story, I felt sympathy for the older son, who obeyed his father, worked hard, and did the right things.  We can understand why he was upset about the party his father gave in honor of his selfish, immature younger brother.

I have come to see in the older brother sins of the heart — jealousy, self-righteousness, resentment, and judgment.  These might not be as obvious as the outward sins of the younger brother, but they can be just as dangerous, especially since we tend to overlook them in ourselves.

The parable is a great message of love, forgiveness, and grace toward the younger son.  But actually its message about the older son is just as important. Jesus said earlier in the book of Luke: “Do not judge, and you will not be judged. Do not condemn, and you will not be condemned.  Forgive, and you will be forgiven.”  These are great words to live by.


The Christian ministry where I work serves those in need by giving food and clothing and meeting other basic needs. One Saturday as my husband and I were on our way to a business associate’s company picnic, my cell phone rang.  One of my clients told me, weeping, that she had absolutely nothing to feed her children.

My first reaction was, This is my day off, and I want to enjoy it with my husband.  But then the Lord reminded me I am a Christian all the time, not just when it is convenient.  I jotted down the woman’s address, and we headed to the food pantry.  We also stopped by our house to get some meat for the family.

When we arrived at the client’s home, two of her children ran out to greet us with loving hugs.  As we brought sacks of groceries into the kitchen, the young mother stood crying and gave both of us a thank-you hug as well.

Sometimes I am tempted not to respond to a call from God that is inconvenient or unpleasant.  But then the Lord reminds me to take up my cross and follow Jesus — 24/7.


I was driving to one of our firm’s subsidiaries.  It is quite a distance away, but traffic was light.  While crossing a bridge, I noticed a significant difference between the landscape behind me and the one I was approaching.  The vegetation ahead was richer than that behind me and featured a riot of colors in hues of green and yellow.

Until this point in the trip, I had been churning inside as I thought about my work performance.  My company expected better results; and as much as I tried, my efforts did not match their expectations.  Now, as I crossed the bridge, I remembered that God always accompanies us as we traverse troubled waters. As I reflected more on this, my spirit lifted quickly.  I felt invigorated, as if I had taken in a breath of fresh air.  I thanked God for standing by me during the difficult times and guiding me to a place of peace.


The Lord has blessed me, enabling me to be a wife, a mom, and a grandmother.  However, I have struggled from time to time with low self-esteem. Because I do not have a college education or a career outside my home, sometimes I see myself as not having anything to offer the world.  Other people have so much more to offer, it seems.

Recently, as I read Jeremiah 9:23-24, I experienced an epiphany; I grasped a new perspective on how we should evaluate ourselves. God said we are not to boast in the wisdom we possess, the strength we have, or the riches we’ve accumulated. Our education and whatever career or job we have are included as part of our wisdom and possessions.  Just as we are not to boast, we also are not to be ashamed for our lack of a college education or a high-status job or career.  If our value to the body of Christ could be measured, it should be measured according to our service to others.


We have a new puppy, a Labrador retriever named Holly.  We spend a lot of time swinging in the hammock while Holly explores the back yard in the comfort of our presence.  If playing on the deck, she often will move close to our legs and eventually sit on someone’s foot as she chews on her bone.  If we move while she is out on the lawn playing, she stops immediately and checks for our new location.  Our presence gives her the confidence to explore.

Holly’s behavior reminds me of my relationship to God.  I explore life — sometimes without any thought of God’s presence.  But often, especially when life throws a challenge my way, I need the comfort of God’s touch; I need to know that God is close by and that I matter.  I need to know that God is working diligently for good in all situations in my life.

God’s touch may come through a hug from another person, through something that I read in the Bible, or through a timely devotion in The Upper Room.  Sometimes I sense God’s touch in the still, small voice that occasionally comes when I least expect it — but I sense its message with startling clarity.  In whatever form it comes, that touch gives my life warmth and color and fills me with confidence that through God’s power at work in me I can do all that God asks of me.


Hours after the Last Supper, the disciples were put to the test — and they failed.  They abandoned Jesus when the soldiers came, denied they knew him, and mostly hid while he died on the cross.  They were so cowardly that they did what we probably would have done, perhaps what anyone with common sense would have done.

The story must have seemed familiar to people living in Israel during Roman times.  Others had claimed to be the messiah and were executed by the authorities as their followers scattered.  But this time the story had a different ending.  This time, those who had fled came back to proclaim more loudly than ever that the executed man was really the Savior.  Something had profoundly changed the followers since the night they forsook their leader.  What was it?  They had seen the risen Lord.

These failed followers had bickered among themselves over places of honor, had misunderstood Jesus, and had tried to tempt him to the easy way.  But then the Holy Spirit descended upon these former cowards in flames.  And these all-too-human followers boldly spoke in dozens of tongues to tell Good News.  The disciples had become the Church.  We call it Pentecost.


My granddaughters were to compete in classical ballet.  However, before the ballet, we were told that a troupe of five-year-old girls would perform individually.  Four girls came on stage, one after the other.  Then came the turn of Number 5.  The music for the dance was “Me and My Teddy Bear.”  But no little girl appeared.  Instead we heard her crying.  

Later in the program all the dancers lined up on stage.  To our delight, each little girl was given a medal on a ribbon, including Number 5, who, pale and tear-stained, was clutching her teddy bear.  We saw no tears now but instead a watery smile.

That’s like grace, I thought.  We don’t have to perform; we don’t have to earn God’s approval.  Grace is the unmerited love of God.  It’s sheer gift, a free expression of God’s love for us.


Friends told me that my sudden illness was an allergic reaction, but I didn’t really believe them because I’d never had allergies.  Finally, with a high fever and barely able to move, I begged my wife to take me to the hospital.  I remember saying, “I guess I must have some sort of allergy.”

The hospital staff isolated the problem and took corrective measures that relieved my physical distress.  Later it struck me that until I admitted my problem, little could be done to save me from it.  I had to be open to the remedy for my condition.

Something similar is true for us as sinners.  Until we admit that we have sinned, we can never open our hearts to accept God’s forgiving grace that is the remedy for sin.  I heard a minister say one time, “The hardest step in the act of redemption is the step where the sinner accepts the need for it.”  Only after we admit that we are sinners can we accept God’s grace offered as a remedy for our sinfulness.


Recently I was with some friends discussing our understanding of God.  One person always referred to God using the phrase, “the God I don’t understand.”  Another said she was truly glad there was mystery involved with understanding God.  The third person said he had been searching everywhere for God and in every way possible, but he could not find God. Therefore, he decided to quit the search and let God find him.  Then he added, “It worked!”

Listening to these comments made me think of Thomas’ experience of questioning and seeking.  And then I remembered the father who had asked for his son to be healed and how he answered Jesus by saying, “I do believe; help my unbelief!”

At times I am like each one in my group of friends, and sometimes I am like the people I read about in scripture.  I find comfort in knowing that people in the Bible grappled with the same feelings and challenges we experience today.  God always knows where we are.  When we are still (see Ps. 46:10) and make ourselves available to God, we are saying, “Here I am, God.  Find me!”  At times, I see God’s presence revealed through other people or even through nature (such as when a butterfly lights on my hand and stays there).  I am grateful for the mystery of the God I don’t fully understand.  And I’m equally grateful that when I cannot find God, I know that God can and will find me.


A pastor of mine once said, “The Christians of one generation tend to become the Pharisees of the next.”  The Pharisees had started out on the right track; they wanted to live for God.  But keeping the law became an end in itself.  They forgot that the law was meant to draw them closer to God.

Today’s reading shows what happens when our focus on outward cleanliness becomes an obsession, blocking out the more important part of the inner life.  Jesus’ words cause us to step back and look carefully at what we’re doing and why we’re doing it.  The three “woes” in today’s reading remind us not to focus on appearances while the inner life is in disrepair.

The first tells us that if we love God, we will desire justice and give to the poor.  Then Jesus says that if we are humble, we will not care about having the “important” seats.  Finally, if we neglect the inner life, Jesus tells us, we will become like an unmarked grave, trampled underfoot.  But if we nurture it, we will be vital and spiritually alive.


On Good Friday, John stood at the cross beside Mary, the mother of Jesus.  Together they faced what was surely the worst day of their lives, as the man they loved suffered and died.  We next read of John’s racing to the empty tomb on Sunday.  But where had he been on Saturday?  Did he try to comfort Mary and to deal with his own brokenness?  Did he spend time with the other disciples as they struggled to make sense of recent events?  Did he go for a long walk, reliving the past days?  If only we could have reassured him, “Hang on, John; resurrection is coming.  Things will get better.”  But he probably wouldn’t have believed us.

One of the worst days of my life came when I received my cancer diagnosis.  People told me, “It will get better”; but I didn’t believe them.  Years later, I have a ministry to hurting people, and I’m a published author.  Yes, my life got better.  But I didn’t believe it would when people told me.

Loss and death come to all of us.  When we are broken and confused, the future seems messy.  When that’s our situation, we can hang on in assurance that resurrection is coming.  God says so.


In my area, the month of June kicks off the season of triathlon racing.  These contests of varying distances include swimming, biking, and running and are held one after the other.  Over the last five years I have competed in triathlons and will participate again this year.

In order to complete a triathlon, an athlete needs to prepare for it.  Workouts that balance all three areas are better for the body and more helpful in completing the races than are workouts that focus on just one area.

A spiritual journey is a lot like a triathlon.  To fully engage in the spiritual journey we need balance in prayer, Bible study, and worship.  These three activities will strengthen our spiritual lives so that we can accomplish what the writer of Hebrews calls “the race marked out for us.”  Some might add a fourth area — service.  But I am a firm believer that service is actually an outward expression of prayer, Bible study, and worship.

When we train by praying, reading the Bible, and worshiping with others, we can persevere in the race marked out for us, the race that leads to an experience of God that is eternal.


As the outdoor, Easter sunrise service began, I noticed a hot-air balloon lying limp on the ground.  When the minister started the sermon, someone began to pump hot air into the balloon. Soon it expanded into brilliant color, ready to rise, symbolizing the risen Christ.

Watching the balloon, I reflected on my past and realized that my life had once been like that empty balloon.  When our children were grown, I stopped attending church.  As time passed, I sensed something was missing in my day-to-day existence.  I felt unfulfilled.  When I made the decision to worship again, my life began to change.  The spirit of God flooded into my being.

My spiritual journey took me to Bible studies and on mission trips.  Participating in small study groups gave me the opportunity to grow and learn from other church members. My days took on new meaning and purpose.  Like that once-empty balloon, my once-empty life is now filled — with the grace, love, and strength of God.


I winced, gritted my teeth, and muttered under my breath.  The car rattled and rocked.  I had hit yet another pothole on my way to work.  The holes varied in depth as well as width.  Some were avoidable; some were not.  Signs warned drivers about some of them; new ones caught me by surprise time and time again.

Angry after another jolting journey home, I reached for pen and paper, ready to vent my fury via a letter to the local newspaper.  With pen poised, I paused.  Although the potholes are a problem that needs to be addressed, God revealed to me the true cause of my anger: My son was experiencing a difficult time, and I felt helpless.  I could do nothing but sit back, watch, and pray. I returned the pen and paper to the drawer, my agitation having subsided.

Knowing Christ doesn’t guarantee a completely smooth ride, but with him we can endure life’s uneven road. He endured a much harder road to the cross.  Because of that great love, he will guide us through our journey and provide us with what we need to reach our destination.


When I was 16, I was told that before I was born my grandfather had spent a year in a mental hospital.  Grandpa had always seemed a bit odd to me, but I never thought he was mentally ill.

When I asked my dad why he had not told me this earlier, his response revealed something important about love.  He acknowledged that his father was mentally ill and that the disease had caused much pain. But he had not told me about the illness.  He did not want me to judge or be frightened of my grandfather.  He wanted me to love his dad as my grandfather, as he had loved him as his dad.

The fourth commandment tells us to honor our father and mother and follows with the promise: “that it may be well with you and you may live long on the earth.”  Twenty-five years have passed since I learned about my grandfather, and I have kept that moment alive as a testament to what loving and honoring a parent means.  I saw in my dad a testament to the love of God, who loves us no matter what our circumstances, diagnoses, or past acts.


Recently I went for a nostalgic drive through my old neighborhood and was shocked to find that I hardly recognized it.  The landmarks I remembered were no longer there, and soon I was hopelessly lost.

Life in the 21st century is a bit like that. Many landmarks that guided us are no longer here. We find ourselves feeling ill at ease in a world where boundaries are few and ideas about morality have changed, leaving us often in confusion.

In earlier times, navigators at sea plotted their course according to certain, fixed points — a star, a headland, or some other permanent feature.  As Christians, we also have such reference points.  Our God is unchanging throughout the millennia, and the Bible provides eternal truth that will outlast all fads and philosophies. God’s truths provide the only reference we need to guide us through life.  And we are entrusted with the holy task of teaching these truths to others.


As a boy, I mastered the art of catching fish bait.  First, I had to find a patch of tall grass.  Then I walked systematically through the grass, with one foot sweeping forward in a slow scythe-like motion.  Scared crickets would leap, at which point I would crouch, cup one hand, and pounce.

Somewhere along the line, I lost my passion for catching crickets — and on a much larger scale, for mastering new things.  From fear of failure or disapproval, I now stay safely in my comfort zone. In fact, as an adult, I live more like a cricket than a person, hiding and leaping in fear.

Throughout the Gospels, Jesus says, “Fear not.” He appreciates faith-driven courage and boldness, such as that of the paralytic’s friends (in Luke, chapter five).  In 2 Timothy, Paul reminds Timothy to rekindle the gift of God that was in him.  Although Timothy was loyal and dependable, he apparently struggled with being timid, just as I do.  Paul urged him to remember that God’s power was at work in him.  In times when I feel small and scared, like a cricket, it’s comforting to know that God’s powerful Spirit is also in me, encouraging me, “Take heart!  I have overcome the world” (John 16:33).


No one on earth is insignificant.  God created each of us unique.  We have distinct fingerprints, voiceprints, eye prints, and DNA.  No one has ever been exactly like you; nor will anyone in the future ever be exactly like you.  Although your descendants will carry parts of your DNA, none will be like you.

Our Creator makes salvation and relationship with us personal.  God even knows the number of hairs on our head.  Your name and mine are engraved on the palm of God’s hand.  (See Isa. 49:16.)  Even if a mother could forget her child, God will never forget us.  (See Isa. 49:15.)  God makes a covenant with each of us — a binding agreement; God loves us even before we decide to love God.

God’s Son, Jesus, died on the cross for you and for me.  We are important to God.  Throughout the Bible we read that God cares about individuals — the one lost sheep (Luke 15), the Samaritan woman despised by her own people (John 4), the widow whose only son had died (Luke 7), and many more.  God doesn’t ask us to be great by human standards.  All we are asked to do is to love God in the ways we can.


It’s 5:30 a.m. on a Saturday, and I’m awake.  Really, God?

A group from the church would be leaving at 6 to go to the homeless mission to cook and serve breakfast.  On Thursday I had told the preacher that I had plans for Saturday.  Never mind that my planned activity did not begin until 10 and that we would be done serving by then.  Haven’t I already helped several times this year?  Other people need to take a turn.

All these thoughts and more ran through my head.  I tried to make up excuses.  But since I was wide awake, I felt that God wanted me to go. I would never wake up this early on a Saturday — normally.  Despite feeling guilty for resisting God’s nudge, I was still lying in bed.  Then I realized that whether I went or not, God would not love me any more or any less.  My salvation would not be any less secure.  This assurance got me out of bed with joy in my heart and a desire to serve.

Cooking and serving breakfast to hungry people and working alongside my brothers and sisters were blessings.  God didn’t wake me to do a task; God woke me to give me a blessing.


I was traveling to church by bus one Sunday morning wearing my best church clothes and holding my Bible.  The conductor bumped my head twice as he was giving change to another passenger.  I wanted to shout at him in the strongest terms, but something restrained my tongue.  I noticed his eyes were bloodshot, and I could smell alcohol on his breath.

For the moment I kept quiet, and I am glad I did.  The conductor looked at me and said, “You are going to church, yah?  Please pray for me that I can change.  I want to change.”  I asked him his name, and I talked with him about the love of God.  Then I prayed for him when I got off the bus.

Would I have had a chance to talk with him about God if I had scolded him or argued?  I doubt it.  How we choose to respond in daily situations can be a light to those around us.  I thought about Jesus’ words in Matthew 5:16, “Let your light shine before others, so that they may see your good works and give glory to your Father in heaven.”

What we do or say can lead people toward God or away from God.  May we choose to serve as God’s lights wherever we see darkness around us.


Once a week, my two-year-old granddaughter and I go on an adventure.  Before we drive to the park or the carousel, I buckle my granddaughter into her car seat.  Last week, as usual, I found the task challenging.  Lifting her into her car seat was awkward.  I struggled to position, adjust, and buckle the shoulder straps and then the lap belt.  The task completed, I looked at my granddaughter — now safe and secure — and let out a deep sigh of relief.  She looked up at me with big blue eyes, smiled, and said, “Good job!”

I was startled that a two-year-old knew those words, more surprised that she knew when to say them.  I felt that my efforts were appreciated and realized that her parents must have been saying, “Good job!” to her as she mastered new skills.  I was pleased that she is learning to be an encourager.

God is the ultimate encourager.  We hear encouragement in God’s words after Jesus’ baptism, “This is my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.”  We follow God’s example when we appreciate the efforts of others.  Encouragers lift the spirits of struggling people.  As the word implies, encouragers fill us with courage for the next challenge.  We can speak encouragement to people who need to hear that their efforts are appreciated — and that is all of us.


Many years ago, I had the privilege of singing in an excellent church choir.  One year, the director of a college came to give us voice lessons.  I learned that when middle C is struck on the piano, the bones of the inner ear vibrate exactly 256 times per second.

Our ears open to receive the music in and around us.  We think as many as 50,000 thoughts a day.  When we walk, we use about 200 muscles.  The mystery of our birth, the mystery of the love we feel, the mystery of our identity are unfathomable.  Each of us is an incredible example of creation.  We are “fearfully and wonderfully made.”

Everyday life isn’t everyday.  The surface of what we see and hear isn’t all there is.  When we laugh, when we cry, when we feel something happening inside, we open ourselves to the possibilities of seeing God more deeply.  The potential of the life that we have been given is breathtaking — when we pay attention.

The possibilities are endless.  The music of the presence of God is everywhere.  If we open our ears, we can hear it.  Yes, God is near.


For much of the 1990s, Belfast was a scary place to be.  We lived with weekly bombings, shootings, and other constant threats.  My children essentially grew up in a war zone.  People were afraid to talk.  Then I joined an interdenominational group and heard Paul’s message: “Everything has become new!” These were joyful words amid the tension and suspicion around us. And with relationship to Christ comes a task:  the “ministry of reconciliation.”

As part of our mission, I quietly attended both Catholic and Protestant churches.  I discovered ways of meeting people with even more diverse religious affiliations and political goals.  This seemed a tiny ministry compared with those who were carrying out important peace negotiations and making groundbreaking public statements.

Later, church people and politicians from all Northern Irish political positions were led by the same hope for peace. A patient commitment from the British, Irish, and American governments kept that hope alive. Many people inside and outside our churches worked together across deep divisions. As we look to God for our hope, peace can thrive.


I saw the doe long before she saw me.  She was nestled on a soft patch of grass, enjoying the peace of the quiet forest.  I didn’t want to disturb her.  She seemed perfectly content where she was.

I felt the peace I saw in that scene.  But the company I worked for was in danger of going out of business, and I faced the prospect of losing my job.  With the unemployment rate high, getting a new job would be no easy task.

But the Bible tells us that stress does not mean we can’t find contentment.  The apostle Paul learned that the way to be content in every circumstance of life is to rely on God and the strength God provides (Phil. 4:12-13).  God enables us to “lie down in green pastures” and restores our souls (Ps. 23:2-3).

I don’t know what the future holds, but I do know that God will be with me every step of the way.  In a world that changes daily, we find peace and contentment in believing the promises of God, who never changes.


Several years ago my son played little-league baseball.  I loved watching the games with the other moms, especially those who were members of the church where I was a pastor.  In the midst of that idyllic time, an event occurred which broke the hearts of everyone in our small town: A star high-school baseball player from one year before was killed in a car accident while at a tournament with his college baseball team.  He was 19 years old.  His older sister, Melinda, was a member of our church.

The next summer as Melinda and I were outside watching baseball again, I asked her as I had often that year, “How are you getting through this?” She answered, “By God’s grace.  I know people are praying for me.  When people send me notes or cards, when they telephone to see how I’m doing, I know their love and concern for me are answers to my prayers and pleas for support.”

We all know someone who is going through a difficult time — the loss of a job, sickness, or the death of a loved one. In those situations, do we sometimes look too hard for God’s presence?  Do we expect answers to prayer always to be dramatic?  God works through acts as simple as a phone call from a friend.  You and I can be the answer to someone’s prayer for help and comfort.


Several times I have heard Christians say to others whose attitude or behavior they considered wrong: “You will not be saved.”  Such statements bother me, particularly when addressed to someone in response to his or her ideas or questions about faith.  I think no believer should judge the faithfulness or religious sensibility of others — the way they read the Bible, the way they pray, whether or not they go to church.

Scripture teaches that God, not humans, will decide who enters the kingdom.  While it is up to us to witness to our faith in Christ through our behavior, it is not ours to judge what’s in another’s heart.  Only God can do that.

We aspire to salvation, to eternal life, but the only one who can give it to us is the Lord, because “for mortals [salvation] is impossible.”  But “everything is possible for God.”  And God offers salvation to all.


We live next to a river, and across from our house three strong trees grow on the riverbank.  In the evening I like to watch as flocks of ibis, cormorants, and other birds come to the trees to rest for the night.  At times I have counted more than 60 birds flying into those trees, and yet when they are settled, not one bird can be seen.  The trees offer a safe place for the night.

Like those birds, we often need a safe place — some shelter during the storms that life inevitably brings.  We need a place to hide when we feel weary and worn.  Just as those trees are safe resting places for the birds, so is God a refuge for me and for you, always there, a “hiding place.”  In God’s sheltering presence we are refreshed and restored as we pray and read the Bible.

When I look at those trees, I remember that God is always present for me — offering safety, rest, comfort, and refreshment.  And I am grateful.


My four-year-old twin daughters and I were at the circus.  At times the arena would go dark and a single spotlight would shine on the ringmaster.  He was dressed in vibrant, flowing clothes with an extra-large hat.  His voice boomed as he called attention to himself and to the next act.

The image of this ringmaster made me think of another Master.  But this master, Jesus, was different.  He did not stand on a box and wave his arms and shout, “Gather ‘round and see the miraculous.  First, someone confirm that this man is really blind.  Now, watch and be amazed!”  Instead, Jesus simply asked him, “What do you want me to do for you?”

Jesus’ miracles were usually focused on helping someone.  His miracles impress me not so much because of their display of power but because they reveal Jesus’ caring heart.  Multiplying fish and bread is quite amazing, but what really draws me to Jesus is that he noticed when people were tired and hungry and did something about it.  Jesus did miracles because he cared.


When Moses was called by God, Moses’ first response was, “Who am I that I should go to Pharaoh and bring the Israelites out of Egypt?” (Exod. 3:11, NIV).  God then countered all of Moses’ objections about his mission.  God gave him power to perform miracles and promised to go with him and teach him what to say.  Moses still was not willing and wanted somebody else to be given that job.  God was angry but then commissioned Aaron to speak for Moses.

My situation was something like Moses’.  A couple of years ago, I was hesitant to take up a new responsibility in the organization.  I had neither academic qualifications nor the experience for the new job.  I felt inadequate and fearful.  At the same time, I sensed that the new assignment was something God wanted me to do.  Gradually my thinking changed.  Instead of considering only my limitations, I started taking into account the help from God that would be available to me.  After taking some time to decide, I agreed to take the new job and prayed for guidance in doing it.  God was faithful and gave me not only wisdom for the task but also power to carry it out.


We were climbing a mountain in Washington’s Cascade Range.  The weather was calm, we were below snow level, and the summit was within sight.  Suddenly, at about 7,500 feet, we encountered a fierce wind that made movement difficult and dangerous.  Clutching our jackets and trying to protect our eyes from blowing debris, my climbing partner (who years later became my wife) and I crawled behind a large boulder.  The rock offered protection until we could resume our climb to the summit, where the air was clear and calm.

Our lives often follow a similar course. Challenges and uncertainty may suddenly arise, frustrating our plans and disrupting our journey.  Unemployment, loneliness, and illness may confront us when we feel least able to cope.  However, when difficulties and peril surround us, we can take shelter in the rock that is the Lord, knowing God hears our prayers and offers refuge for us both on this earth and for eternity.


Gardening is my husband’s favorite hobby.  He especially loves bringing home sick or dying plants that his co-workers have thrown away.  He nurtures them by giving one extra water, another fertilizer.  He trims off diseased leaves. Over time, he carefully restores these withered brown plants to life.  Sometimes they even surprise us with blooms.

I used to grumble about the ugly plants cluttering our windowsill.  Then one day as I watched my husband working with these sick and dying plants, I saw instead Christ’s hands gently caring for me.

I was broken and sick when Christ took me in.  Many of us are.  But he provides each of us what we need to grow.  He doesn’t care if we are sickly.  He restores us to life, abundant life.  Christ sees the promise in us when no one else does, and through his tender care, we can bloom.


For much of my life as a believer I have heard Jeremiah 29:11 quoted: “ ‘I know the plans I have for you,’ declares the Lord, ‘plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future’ ” (NIV).  I have been comforted by the words but have not really thought about the context in which they were expressed.  This was God’s reassurance to people in exile.

Because of the people’s unfaithfulness, they were taken to Babylon, where they would stay for decades.  Then God would bring them back to the Promised Land.

Knowing the context makes this verse even more meaningful to me.  When I sin, discipline may come in the consequences I suffer.  Or I may be “exiled” from the comfort of close relationship with God. But I know God’s faithfulness, and I know that I, like the Israelites, will be brought out of my exile as I recognize my waywardness and return to God.


For many years, the care and supervision of my aging parents has been my responsibility.  Although they live in their own home, I deliver groceries, plan and prepare meals, organize and order medicines, and drive them to doctors’ appointments.  I have put my life on hold and am often not available to my husband or children.  I pray daily for physical strength, wisdom in decision-making, and protection for my family.

One day, feeling overwhelmed, I pleaded with God for help.  Minutes later, I switched on the radio and heard a speaker who seemed to be talking directly to me.  He said, “We all have times when we want to give up.  But I am here to tell you one thing:  God is present in our troubles.  God loves us.  And God offers us strength to persevere.”  In that moment, I was reassured that God had heard my cries and would see me through this phase of my life.

Often God speaks to us through people who give us hope to move forward when the stress of living seems too much.  We are called to honor our parents.  With God’s strong hand on me and by abundant prayer, I will find the support I need to honor them with grace and love.


My Dad was 87 when he died.  He loved God, and he loved people.  I miss the kindness in his eyes and his voice, his gentleness and care.  He made me feel valued and important.

It wasn’t always this way. When I was 30, he apologized to me for showing more attention to my brothers than to me when we were children.  I had felt rejected and unimportant.  Since then, God used my dad in wonderful ways to show me love. He became more attentive to me; he listened well, showing an active interest in my life.  He was caring and kind and corrected me in a very loving way.  I experienced healing and a sense of being greatly valued.  I no longer felt worthless. Through my dad, I came to understand the kindness of Jesus.

Jesus demonstrated great love for people, especially the outcast and unpopular.  He refused to condemn the woman caught in adultery.  He searched out the demon-possessed.  Jesus brought light to the darkness; and he calls us to be people of light who bring healing, love, and acceptance to others.


Late one night, standing on the platform waiting for a subway, I was approached by a homeless man.  With no sign of the train, I turned an ear to hear his story — the same story I had heard from many who live on the streets of our city: drugs, crime, the loss of a loved one, and a life in disarray.  He was just looking for some food.  We had a light moment laughing about our favorite sports teams, and I felt moved to help him.  As the train pulled in, I handed him more money than he might usually see, knowing it was enough to get him into safe, clean lodging around the corner.  He was shocked at the gift, and I was shocked at the phrase that came from my lips: “Let God bless you.”

As the train pulled away, the meaning of that moment hit me.  In that instant, God had brought two paths together — one where a blessing was needed and one where many blessings had already been given.  I am incredibly thankful for the blessings of my life.  But in that moment, I could see that I had been blessed to be a blessing, just as Paul had told the Christians in Corinth.

Faith turns our hearts to God for blessing in our most dire moments.  But that same faith can lead us to approach life with open eyes and open hearts to bless others.


“There are no free lunches!” I often hear this common expression in my daily life.  Because I grew up in a merit-based society, I was taught to work for what I want to achieve.  Study diligently for good grades, work hard for high wages, and dress to impress were some of the expectations set before me.  Yet our Father in heaven offers a totally different standard.  God freely gives us the best gift in this world — God’s Son, Christ Jesus.

People like me, and perhaps like you, who were taught to earn and not merely receive, have a tendency to try to earn everything — including our salvation.  We may think that we need to be good, kind, pleasant, and charitable people.  Yes, we may be good people according to this world’s standard.  But one sin makes us sinners, and so we can never be good enough.  Even so, God loves us and wants to be in relationship with us.  God gave the one Son to make all of us sons and daughters.


When my husband and I moved into our house, we noticed a wonderful garden next door filled with beautiful flowers and wholesome vegetables.  Our neighbor, Herb, was a master gardener.  But more than that, he was generous.  Herb hung a bucket on our side of the fence that separated our back yards.  As he quietly worked in his garden, Herb would fill our bucket with wonderful things.  One day it might be tomatoes; the next day, zucchini.  Another day it was cucumbers; and the day after, fresh beets.  We never saw Herb filling our bucket, but the evidence of his presence was undeniable.

One day as I emptied that bucket, I thought about what would happen if I forgot that it was there or perhaps became too lazy to empty it.  The vegetables would rot and be wasted.

Maybe God is like Herb .  .  .  working quietly in the garden of our lives, filling our “buckets” with gifts and skills for us to use.  Has God given you a gift that you are not using?  When we use what is in our buckets, God can fill them up again.


I am not a frequent flyer, so I was unfamiliar with the “people-mover” contraption at the airport.  Stepping onto the large human-conveyor belt, I relaxed as it carried me across the airport. Then, without warning, the machine stopped. Conversations hushed.  We all stood, waiting to start moving again.  Finally, someone behind me said, “Walk!”  Somehow that idea had not occurred to us.  As the person in front got the message, we all began to move forward again — the old-fashioned way.

Sometimes the church is like that moving sidewalk.  Saved by God’s grace, we find a fellowship of like-minded people.  But sadly many times we do not move forward.  Only as each member exercises his or her gifts can we together make progress, serving the world that Christ died to save.

The urgent mandate of that airport traveler is the same mandate our Savior utters to every Christian.  When we are paralyzed by a status-quo, stand-still mentality, Christ says, “Walk!”


During our annual family trip to the beach, our children were learning to swim in the waves.  We showed them how to jump at the right time and how to turn away from a wave that was too big or that broke at the wrong time.  Most important, we taught them to answer the question, “Are you OK?” After lots of jumps and splashes and a few mouthfuls of ocean, they gained confidence and began to enjoy the water.

As I watched my children play in the surf, I began to see that riding the waves is like steering through life.  Our lives are unpredictable.  The swell that looks menacing from far off may be a mere ripple by the time it arrives.  The wave that passes me by may knock down my neighbor.  We cannot predict the hard or easy times; we cannot be prepared for every eventuality.

Yet I also realize that God sees our struggles and is with us even when the world knocks us down.  No matter how difficult the waters, we are never out of God’s sight.  We can remember the mighty Lord who made the seas we navigate.


The people I work with in the foreign-language department of a university all communicate in English, though not always the same English.  We argue so much about British and American English that I sometimes start to wonder if it is the same language at all.

The other day, instead of wading into the debate, I found myself thinking of Matthew 5:17.  The passage seems straightforward enough: The old laws would stand.  But Jesus might have been saying that he wasn’t as concerned about the law as about people’s actions.

In my work, we get caught up in the interpretation of words and phrases.  What is more important is the substance of the documents.  In our religious lives, we can become engrossed in the small details and nuances of Bible passages.  What is more important is the life we are supposed to live.

Maybe when Jesus talked about fulfilling the law, he was talking about living according to its deeper meaning.  His message of compassion, peace, and understanding and his life show us how to live.

Next time an argument breaks out among my colleagues, I’ll try to bring them back to the importance of what we are writing.  And in my spiritual life, I will spend less time focusing on the nuances of Bible passages.  Instead, I am going to focus on living as Jesus did.


Last year my husband and I took a Bible study class together to incorporate the Bible into our daily lives, to better serve as disciples of Christ.  I was inspired by the story of Moses who came down the mountain after being in God’s presence, unaware that his face was radiant.  How awesome to experience God’s glory so much that others can witness its impact on me just by being in my presence!

As I thought about it, I realized that I have experienced God’s presence.  I’ve seen God’s face in my family members.  I’ve heard God’s voice in words of love and compassion spoken to me in times of stress.  I’ve felt God’s glory while viewing the beauty of the world.  When I look back on my life, I see that God’s hand guided me to become a teacher.

I have experienced God.  So I ask myself, Can others see God reflected in my face, or do I wear a “veil,” hiding God?  I am afraid others too often see a veil.  Realizing this has made me consciously try harder to reflect God’s love to others, including strangers I see in passing.  As we reflect God’s glory, we are being transformed into God’s likeness.


My mother committed suicide when I was six years old.  I found her body.  No one spoke to me about her after her death, so I grew up not knowing her as a whole person.  I remembered her most vividly at her worst moment.

On the fiftieth anniversary of her death, the Lord nudged me to get to know my mother.  In response, I spent six months researching her life and traveling to places where she had lived, studied, and worked.  With the support of my wife, my dad, and many other people, I was able to “meet” my mother.  I learned about her life and how much she loved me.  Instead of a distant, unknown, and traumatic figure, she became my mom.

During this healing process, God showed me that as I strive to see others in the way God views them, I must see beyond their worst moments.  Jesus did not reduce Peter to the lack of faith Peter revealed when he sank beneath the waves or when he denied his Lord.  Instead, Jesus saw Peter as a flawed follower who loved him deeply and who had gifts that transcended his sins.

We can extend the same healing grace to those around us and to those who have come before us.


Normally I read The Upper Room each morning online at my computer.  I hadn’t seen a paper copy in years until my husband spotted an issue lying on a bench in the lobby of a restaurant one Sunday afternoon.  Apparently someone had left it behind after receiving it at church.  Fearing that the restaurant staff might throw the magazine away, we decided to pick it up and take it home.

Finding the magazine this way made me wonder how many copies of The Upper Room are taken to nursing homes, hospitals, schools, and the homes of invalids.  How many are sent to prisons?  Since The Upper Room is published in 35 languages and is a convenient size, I imagine that many copies cross national borders and travel to remote locations to be received thankfully.  And a few sit on benches waiting for someone to pick them up and say, “I haven’t seen one of these in years!”  Then they put it in their pockets or bags to go into homes, perhaps to be read aloud to others and to touch more hearts.  God’s message of love and grace nurtures everyone it reaches, wherever it goes.


Hannah came to the temple and poured out her misery and troubles to the Lord.  She was without a child but her husband’s other wife had children, and she never let Hannah forget it.  How vigorously did Hannah pour out her troubles to God?  Observing her, Eli, the priest, thought she was drunk and chastised her.  Hannah let him know otherwise, and he told her to go in peace.  

When we open our hearts to God the way Hannah did, everything in us that has held us captive can pour out.  As we let go of these things, the Holy Spirit gentles us, helping us to rest in God, our true refuge.  We find hope, and “hope does not disappoint us because God’s love has been poured into our hearts through the Holy Spirit that has been given to us” (Rom. 5:5, NRSV).

When we pour out our misery, trials, and fears to God, we will be wrapped in grace.  God pours love into our hearts and brings us healing.


I am privileged to work with remarkable people in a workplace that is largely focused on academic reward.  Yet this highly intellectual environment brings the risk of allowing academic achievement to become the measuring stick of a person’s worth.

Adopting such a value system is easy.  Society often measures our worth by our success, knowledge, or wealth.  But what are these achievements if they are not attained while seeking after God and God’s purposes?  Does any of them make us more important in the Lord’s eyes?  No.

God loves us unconditionally.  Reading Jeremiah 9:23-24, we see that strength, riches, and wisdom are not negatives.  But first and foremost, God longs for us to be people who devote ourselves to seeking God and understanding God’s ways.


Our church’s barbecue-pit-on-wheels, which we call “Grilla,” needed to be towed to an inner-city location where our men’s group was to help feed homeless people.  When Floyd, who usually transports the grill, was not available, I volunteered.  

I let the organizers know that I could tow the trailer with my truck.  However, my skills at backing a trailer, should that become necessary, were limited.  But Floyd told me, “Just go forward most of the time, and you will be fine.”  His response was the encouragement I needed.

Isn’t that God’s urging for us in our life’s journey?  Press on.  Be the hands and feet of Christ.  Yes, there will be occasions when things seem to go in reverse.  But we can keep the faith. We can decide to worry less and pray more. If we just go forward, we will be fine.

That Friday evening, the aroma of burgers cooking on the grill hung in the air over our little section of downtown.  Smiles were exchanged, prayers were offered, and hungry people were fed.  All was fine.


Our baby has dealt with severe eczema since he was about three months old, and it has been difficult to see him live with such an irritating and often painful condition.  At times when the inflammation and itchiness of his skin are so agonizing that he looks at his father and me with tear-filled eyes, all we want to do is hold him close and let him know that we hear his cries.  We want him to know we understand that he is in pain and that we are doing all we possibly can to alleviate it.  This experience has given me a new perspective on the love of God.

We all go through seasons of life that are especially difficult and painful.  In those times I find indescribable reassurance in knowing that just as God heard the cries of the Israelites and knew about their pain as captives in Egypt, God hears our cries of pain, frustration, and desperation.  Not only does God hear us and know us, God wants to bring us comfort and peace.


There’s no doubt about it — I enjoy rock concerts!  They can relieve stress as they allow us to lose some inhibitions.  For a few hours we can sing loudly, dance in the aisles, and generally have a good time with the music we love.  Live concerts are once-in-a-lifetime events, moments in time that will never be repeated.  They are unique.  The music and the event itself often remain in our memories for weeks.

Is the season of Easter a bit like a rock concert in your life?  Do we sing loudly and uninhibitedly dance with joy at the amazing gift that God, through Christ Jesus, offers each of us?  Is it our favorite season?  How long do we remember Easter once we move into the next period of calendar time?

Every Sunday is meant to be a mini-Easter for each of us. We intentionally try to recreate the same joy and thankfulness during Sunday worship each week so we can carry this event into every day.  Our joy can be a witness to the life Christ offers all of us — and that we are meant to offer others.  That way Easter can be a daily reality, not just a memory.


My husband is a careful record keeper.  He tracks our monthly expenses and his students’ grades.  He records the scores of his favorite football team year by year.  Some records are important to keep; others are fun to keep.  However, I’m glad that some records God doesn’t keep at all.  When we repent of our sins, God forgives us and removes our transgressions “as far as the east is from the west” (Ps. 103:12).

I love to think that God has wiped my sin record clean, but sometimes I’m reluctant to do the same for others.  It’s easy for me to keep a mental list of grievances.  I recall times that people have hurt me with unkind words or actions.  I see their faces; I remember what they said.  Am I a secret record-keeper?  When God has blotted out my transgressions, why do I hold on to hurts done to me?  By God’s grace, I resolve to stop my record keeping and to forgive as God has forgiven me.


Dengue fever was becoming prevalent in our area, and my son’s fever was spiking.  Because we didn’t have any money and most private doctors in the Philippines do not offer credit, I thought we should stay home and pray for healing.  However, my wife insisted that we take him to the doctor even with no money in our pockets.  On the way, we stopped by the ATM machine to check our account balance.  We were amazed to find that my salary had been deposited early.

The Israelites found themselves in a similarly difficult position (Exod. 14).  While fleeing from Egypt, the Israelites were caught between the pursuing Egyptians and the Red Sea.  Moses believed in the deliverance of God and exhorted the people to take courage, be silent, do nothing, and see the salvation of God.  But God told Moses to stop talking and go forward; and when they went forward in faith, the Lord delivered them.

Sometimes when we think we are waiting patiently for God, we have actually become paralyzed by fear and insecurity.  At those times, we can pray.  Then we can follow my wife’s example and God’s instruction and move forward in faith.


The community Lenten service inspired me.  Everyone seemed glad to be there on a snowy evening for the preaching, the music, and the fellowship.  What stood out in my mind, however, was the Lord’s Prayer.  It struck me that the preacher only had to say, “Our Father . . . ” and everyone joined in.

People of a dozen different churches and denominations joined in praying the words.  And despite our doctrinal differences, for a moment we were all joined in prayer.  For the seconds that it took us to repeat Jesus’ words, our differences were set aside and we were united in heart and mind.

What a wonderful, if momentary, unity comes when we pray the Lord’s Prayer!  Maybe when we do we take a step toward fulfilling Jesus’ other prayer that we may all be one.  (See John 17:20-23.)


As a child I loved going to my grandma’s house.  She lived four hours away, yet she always had cinnamon rolls fresh from the oven when we arrived.  I picture myself sitting at her kitchen table, surrounded by my brothers and sister, with icing dripping down our chins.

We kids loved our grandma, but the first thing we always wanted to do after finishing our cinnamon rolls was to go see Grandma’s friend Ruth.  Ruth was funny, and we loved spending time with her.  As an adult, I sometimes think back on those visits and wonder how Grandma felt when we dashed off to see Ruth.  Was she sad?  Did she think we loved Ruth more than we loved her?  The truth is that we loved Grandma, but we thought Ruth was more fun.

Unfortunately, we sometimes feel the same way about God.  We love God; but daily concerns seem to be more fun, so we cut short our time with God.  I would like to visit with Grandma a little longer, but she is gone.  However, the Lord is still here, longing to spend time with me, just as Grandma did.  God wants to spend time with you too.


In recent years, several family members have entered the fading years of life, and others have died. I can do little to aid them and nothing to prevent their death. I realize my powerlessness in the face of death and feel caught in the grip of weakness, unable to help those I love or even myself. In these times, I bear in mind that God did not design us for death but for life.

Death stalks all of us, young or old, waiting to snatch away our final breath.  But when death draws close to me and my family, I remember that this is not the end, that goodbye does not last forever, and that eyes that have closed will open again. I may be powerless to overcome death, but my Redeemer, Jesus Christ, has conquered death — and my hope is in him!


When someone asks our sons where they are from, they have no quick and simple answer.  This is because their father’s career sent our family packing every few years — from Hawaii to California to Texas to Virginia and several points in between.  We really have no place we can call our hometown.

Yet in all these places we consistently felt the presence of God, finding our true and permanent home among fellow believers. The buildings, sizes of the congregations, and worship schedules varied; and the local speech patterns and accents changed.  But these differences were slight compared with the common bond we shared. The fellowship we find with God’s people has given us stability, comfort, and security wherever we have lived.

Society seems more transient than ever with continual changes in location, careers, health and financial circumstances, and family structure.  Few people manage to live long without enduring some major life changes and the stresses that come with them.  Like the Israelites who wandered in the wilderness, we may feel as if we are strangers in this world.  What a comfort to know that we cannot move beyond the reach and love of God!


Recently I planted two ornamental plants.  The larger one I planted in a big pot to allow it room to grow.  The other I planted in a much smaller pot, expecting it to remain small.  What a surprise to watch how the plants grew!  The once-smaller plant flourished and grew larger than the first, while the other remained about the same size.

Our spiritual growth can be something like the growth of my plants.  As believers, we each have a measure of grace and have been blessed by God.  But each of us relates to God differently; so, as with my plants, our growth in the Christian life can be very different.

Some of us remain the same for years, attending church but growing little if at all.  Others try new ways of serving and giving and then grow as Christians.  The apostle Paul instructs us to nurture our faith: “Grow up in every way into him who is the head, into Christ . . . as each part is working properly, [it] promotes the body’s growth in building itself up in love.”


From time to time our world is shaken by the powerful forces of earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes, and fires. These events often cause the deaths of thousands.  Afterwards, many attempt to explain these tragic events as God’s punishment, while others ask the classic question: Why?  The psalmist also struggled in the face of tragedy, describing life in terms of darkness and despair but also holding out hope of God’s salvation and deliverance.

In fact, this psalm can be our prayer, too, in the midst of life’s tragedies.  We want someone to remember our plight.  We want the assurance that we are not forsaken but that God will come to our aid.

Our world will never be free of disasters, but even amid life’s storms we can rest assured that God does not forsake those in need.  And we can also resolve to take part in rescuing them.


While wandering through a turtle rescue center, I marveled at the great variety of turtles.  They ranged in size from three inches to three feet, all swimming happily in their assigned tanks —many of them with only one flipper or one eye.

Several turtles swimming in a fresh-water tank particularly intrigued me.  On their shells were barnacles that had attached themselves to the turtles and had flourished in salt water.  The effects of these barnacles can range from stress to the turtle — due to increased surface drag when the turtle swims — to more serious damage from bacterial or fungal infections.  However, now that these turtles had been transferred to fresh water, the barnacles were no longer being nourished and so would eventually disappear.

Like those turtles, we are sometimes weighed down by burdens.  Whether out of indifference or ill nature or traveling with the wrong crowd or ignoring God’s nudges, we create an environment that feeds the “barnacles” of resentment, hatred, irreverence, jealousy, materialism, and other damaging traits.  But if we change our spiritual environment, the attitudes of our sinful nature will no longer thrive.  When we live in an environment shaped by God’s word and surrounded by God’s people, we can focus on the fruit of the Spirit.


I saw a television news story about a 68-year-old Israeli man who, after 10 years of serious heart disease, had received a heart transplant.  The donor was a young Russian man who had died in tragic circumstances.  He had been killed on the street.

A year after the operation the man was able to meet with the mother of the person who had given him life.  The meeting was very emotional.  The woman asked if she could press her ear to his chest so that she could hear the beating heart of her son.

Twenty years ago I was also dying — but in a spiritual sense.   Then I, too, had a heart transplant. Here is how the prophet Ezekiel described my operation: “A new heart I will give you, and a new spirit I will put within you; and I will remove from your body the heart of stone and give you a heart of flesh” (Ezek. 36:26).

My donor, my Savior who gave his life for me, is Christ Jesus.  He also died in tragic circumstances.  He was killed on the cross.  I received from my donor a new heart.  Now the heart of my Savior beats in my chest, and I sing praises to the risen Christ!


I think Jesus deliberately included Samaria in the commission given in today’s quoted scripture.  Jews and Samaritans didn’t get along.  In fact, Jews of Jesus’ time avoided traveling through Samaria even if it meant a much longer journey.  Samaritans were people Jews wanted to avoid.  So it could not have been an accident that Jesus told the disciples to reach out to them.

Considering this, I ask myself, Who are the Samaritans in my life?  We live in a fractious and hateful time, one filled with harsh language that often vilifies people who are on the other side of an issue.  But Jesus demonstrated a different way.  He went through Samaria, not around it. He visited with a Samaritan at a well (John 4).  He held up a Samaritan as a model for being a true neighbor (Luke 10). In other words, he looked for opportunities to build bridges of understanding and love rather than building walls of division.

Where is my Samaria?  That’s where I need to go.  Am I building bridges of understanding and love, as Jesus calls me to do, or am I saying and doing things that help to build walls of separation?

And what about you? Where is your Samaria?


As an older adult, I have set a goal to read more.  My favorite reading material is the Bible.  I firmly believe that reading scripture keeps my mind fresh and revitalizes my soul.  For Sunday school, I read chapters related to the day’s lesson, though often I read them in a hurry.  However, when I want to meditate on those chapters, I make it a point to start with a brief prayer.  Then, with a dictionary nearby to help me find the meanings of words, I delve more deeply into the scripture.  I take my time, often rereading a certain text several times to understand what God is saying to me.

I find this reading to be a tonic for my soul.  My thoughts continue to be nourished by the stories and promises of God — promises that require my commitment so that God’s work will be fulfilled in me.  My prayer is that God’s Spirit will dwell in me and guide my actions as I live each day obedient to what I hear as I reflect on God’s word.


The African violet on top of my refrigerator had bloomed, and the purple flowers were beautiful.  My son gave me the plant when he was eight years old, and the violet had never bloomed before.  Many times over the years I thought I would throw it away because of its hopeless condition, but I didn’t.

Tears ran down my face as I thought about what God had done for my son.  Five months earlier, he had entered a Christian recovery center for drug addicts.  The transformation God has made in his life is miraculous.  Jeremiah 29:11 says that God plans a future for us that is good and full of hope.  I compared my son to the violet.  As I had cared for the plant over the years, I had cared for my son by praying for him.  Eventually, life and beauty came forth from both.

If we throw away our hopes and dreams because the situation looks grim or change takes too long, we may miss what God is about to do.  When we continue to trust, God works faithfully to accomplish good.


One spring day I heard the distinct rat-a-tat of what had to be a woodpecker.  I thought the bird I saw was drilling in a light pole for insects to eat.  But as I watched, I discovered that the busy bird was pecking on the plastic globe of a streetlight.  What a dumb bird!  I thought.  There would be no bugs to gain where it was pecking.  But as I watched what seemed like a futile effort, it occurred to me that I do not know much about such birds.  I might not fully understand the behavior I was seeing.

The next day I researched woodpeckers on the Internet.  I found that what I saw was probably a downy woodpecker whose drumming wasn’t for food but was actually a mating call and an announcement about the bird’s territory.  The bird wasn’t dumb after all.  I was ignorant.

Then I remembered the words of Jesus: “Do not judge by appearances, but judge with right judgment” (John 7:24).  My experience with that bird reminded me that when I strive to learn about an issue before I jump to conclusions that might not be correct, God will help me to make right judgments.


My daughter, Kendria, asked, “Mom, who took Judas’s place after he died?”  I answered confidently, “Matthias.”  She considered this for a moment, then asked, “What did he ever do for Jesus?”  I was stumped by the question of a six-year-old.

I searched the Bible for other mentions of Matthias’s name but found nothing.  However, when the disciples were discussing Judas’s replacement, they chose from those who had been with the group since the baptism of Jesus until the day that he ascended into heaven.  They narrowed it down to two people, Justus and Matthias.  Why were they considered?  Scripture tells us that they had been with the group from the beginning; they were faithful — not flashy, just faithful.

Taking a meal to a sick person, visiting someone in prison, serving in the church, volunteering to help with vacation Bible school, or spending time in prayer for church leaders may not seem like much.  But these acts meet needs in the kingdom of God.  God isn’t looking for people who make headlines; God is looking for those with faithful hearts.  So, to paraphrase my daughter’s question, “What are you doing for Jesus?”


Some time ago I got the frightening news that my first cousin had been kidnapped.  His kidnappers asked for a ransom.  I could not believe it.  What I read about only in newspapers had come to my doorstep.  The immediate and extended family lovingly contributed their money to save our captive cousin.  The ransom was paid, and he was set free.  We all rejoiced.

This experience made me think about the ransom Jesus Christ paid for the salvation of our souls.  The price Christ paid for us became real to me as I thought about what my cousin went through and how we had to buy him back with a price.  How could we ever pay for such a gift?

People say that salvation is free.  It is free to us; however, Christ has paid a dear price for us.  Even when we were sinners, Jesus Christ was willing to die for us.


Over 40 years ago, when my oldest daughter Hope was less than three weeks old, her pediatrician told us, “Stay in town.  Hope won’t live through the night.”  (We lived more than 50 miles from the hospital, over rural roads.)

Hope had been born with a flawed digestive tract.  She did not tolerate any nourishment, not even her mother’s milk.  Her doctor had tried all the cures — soy formula, meat-based formula.  Nothing worked.  Hope had lost too much weight.  She was dying.  The next morning my wife was too distraught to go to the hospital.  Wracked with sorrow, tears blinding me, I rode with a seminary brother who tried to convince me that even in the valley of death God is with us.  I would not be consoled.

I went into the hospital expecting news of Hope’s death and could not understand what I saw: Her pediatrician was giddy with happiness. “It’s a medical miracle!” he gushed.  “Hope is alive!”

Every Good Friday, I relive the feelings of that day long ago as I think about the death of Jesus.  The world was without hope.  Jesus was dead.  I picture evil dancing in joy.  But we know Easter was coming.  Praise God.  Jesus is alive!


Each time I read about Peter’s release from jail, I smile.  The scene opens with Peter sleeping so soundly the angel has to poke him to wake him up.  Once Peter is free, he visits those who had been praying for him.  Rhoda, who answers his knock, is so excited to hear him that she doesn’t let him in!  He is left waiting while she tries to convince the people praying for him that he’s outside.  But they are quicker to believe in a visit from an angel than in a divine rescue.

What were these believers praying for?  If they were praying for Peter’s rescue, they failed to believe God had answered them.  Were they praying without believing, or were they asking for something less than the rescue that God wanted to grant?

We have all prayed for something we perhaps didn’t get: healing from an illness, a job that went to another person.  At such times we can become timid about asking again; so we ask for a small favor instead of what we really want.  We don’t want to be disappointed.  I may never understand why I sometimes see no answer, but I do understand that the cost of praying only small prayers is too high.  God may not grant me many miracles, but how many will I see if I never ask?


My husband and I traveled to Israel with a Christian tour group.  On the eighth day of our trip, we visited the Temple Mount in Jerusalem. The Western Wall is a massive limestone wall where people come to pray.

Men, women, and children of all ages and different religious traditions, dressed in all types of garb, were slowly moving to and from the wall.  As I made my way to the wall to insert my prayer list in one of the crevices between the stones, I noticed with great dismay a woman talking on a cell phone.  Just like home, I thought.  Here we are in a holy place, and she’s talking on the phone!  Suddenly the woman moved the phone from her ear to the wall, held it there for a few moments, and then left quietly.  She had been helping someone who couldn’t be present to be part of praying at the wall with others.  I had just witnessed an expression of the faith of two individuals and a loving act.  I often recall this event, and I’ve recounted it to others on several occasions.

How many times in the course of a week or even a day do we judge before knowing all the facts?  And for that matter, what right do we have to judge another at all?


I arrived at the kindergarten with my daughter and was asked to assemble some new furniture for the children.  The screwdriver they gave me was too small and unsuitable for the job.  It slipped out of the screw head several times and injured me.  I went home and brought back more appropriate tools and completed the work without problem.

I often try to use the “wrong tools” in life, too.  I try to handle tasks in my own way, relying on my own experience and knowledge, without direction from God.  Too often things don’t work out; even worse, I get hurt.  But when I use the right tools — reading and acting on the word of God and seeking God’s direction in prayer — I can complete my tasks with pleasure.

God has given us the tool of holy scripture as “a lamp to [our] feet and a light to [our] path.”  It is a primary tool to help us keep our life together and make us strong and useful for God’s work.


The day after my brother’s funeral, a “Nor’easter” blizzard blew in with winds that whipped the snow into twisting funnels.  That was in April.  The following day I trudged through the cemetery.  It all seemed surreal: my brother’s death, me at his grave, and mounds of snow burying the flowers.  Where was spring — the season we associate with rebirth, regeneration, and resurrection?

When my brother died, I entered a season of severe depression.  I was 40 years old and didn’t attend church or even worship God.  But God still heard my desperate cries for help.  A desire to attend church came over me, and I began searching the telephone directory.  I made an appointment with a pastor for grief/spiritual counseling.  In compassion, God had led me there, and I entered a new season of life when I heard the gospel of salvation through Jesus Christ.  My life and my spirit were transformed.  I was born again.

Our loving and merciful God “desires everyone to be saved and to come to the knowledge of the truth” (1 Tim. 2:4).  No matter what we’ve done, God offers each of us rebirth through the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ.  Hope, redemption, and eternal life are God’s priceless gifts to us.


From the moment we moved in, we knew that our neighbors were going to be difficult. They argued loudly, their dogs barked, and their music blared at all hours.

Though we asked them to quiet down, our requests did little more than provoke them.  Their lifestyle and values differed from ours, and nothing seemed to bridge the gap.  So we chose to distance ourselves.

Weeks turned into years.  Weary and frustrated, I asked God, “Why aren’t my prayers enough?  Isn’t this situation ever going to change?”  Troubled, I searched the scriptures.  I came across Jesus’ admonition, “Love your neighbor as yourself” (Matt. 22:39).  The verse was familiar; but in my frustration and anger, I had forgotten that these neighbors were God’s people, just as I am.  God’s words pierced my heart that day, reminding me to not only recite the commandments but to live them out.

My neighbors did not change, but my attitude toward them did; and we were able to live peaceably beside them.


The woman I was visiting had asked me to read the psalm to her; so I should not have been surprised that as I read, she whispered the words, “You who live in the shelter of the Most High, who abide in the shadow of the Almighty.”  When I stumbled in my reading, the words poured forth from her.  She told me afterward she had carried that psalm in her heart through some difficult days.  She had been a refugee from a country torn by poverty and violence.  After making a new life in the United States and starting a family, she was diagnosed with terminal cancer.

I was her hospice chaplain.  I spent time each week reading to her and praying with her.  I was new at the job, and she showed me that the words of scripture are themselves balm to a tired soul.  I had read scripture in private devotion, Bible study and worship, but I had seldom read scripture when I visited those who were ill.

Now I read scripture during many of my visits.  The word of God, without commentary or preaching, comes into our darkest valleys as a source of great comfort and peace — for my patients and for me.


Sometimes when talking with others I give examples of how Jesus responded when faced with temptation.  The usual response to this is, “Yes, but Jesus is God!”

We often think that Jesus had the unfair advantage of being God, that temptation had no effect on him, that he by nature would respond in the best possible way to bad situations.  We prefer to concentrate on Jesus as God, but today’s passage from Hebrews reminds us that Jesus was completely human, suffering as all of us do.

Jesus shared in our humanity.  He struggled in the Garden of Gethsemane; he was betrayed by a close disciple.  He endured public rejection and humiliation and the awful pain of flogging and crucifixion.  Were all of these just God going through a charade?  Was life easy for Jesus?  No.  Jesus experienced every sensation and every emotion, just as any of us would.  However, in spite of it all, he remained pure and blameless.  That is what makes the message so powerful.  The gospel is not about how God effortlessly came to save us but how God became “fully human in every way” (v. 17) — made like his brothers and sisters — and died to save us.

“Salvation is free,” we say.  Yes, it is free for us to receive — but it came at great cost to the Giver.


My grandmother came to Argentina from Russia.  Painful memories of war reflected from her light, almost transparent eyes.  Those eyes had the appearance of being on the verge of tears that you could not wipe away.  She left behind her parents and sister, never to see them again.  Grandmother Xenia held on to her Slavic traditions as a way to remember her family.

As was the custom in my grandmother’s native land, Holy Week was a busy time with much preparation leading up to Easter — purchases to make, meal preparation, and housecleaning.  My grandmother lovingly prepared delicacies for the Easter Sunday meal — tea prepared in the samovar, blini (Russian pancakes), kasha (porridge), kotlety (meatballs), and most of all pashka (Russian Easter cheese dessert).

Finally, Easter Sunday would arrive and with it the true reason for our family celebration.  As we sat around the table, my grandmother would raise her cup of tea and offer us a greeting with a gracious smile: “Christos voskrese (Christ has risen)!”  And in one voice we responded:  “Voistinu voskrese (Truly Christ has risen)!”

Many years have passed; family customs and traditions have changed; but we still honor the love and sacrifice of Christ.


I collect flashlights of various shapes and sizes.  I have a small one in my purse, a stand-up one in my car, a variety of old ones in my closet, and several sturdy ones posted around the house in case of an emergency.  Why collect flashlights?  Because I feel afraid in the dark.

Because Jesus said he is the Light of the world, I know that wherever I go, whatever happens, I have the most powerful Light in the world with me and I need not be afraid of what the future holds.  Christ is my source of light, and as his follower, I am to light up the world around me with love and grace.

We are each different vehicles of the light of Christ, but each one of us has the responsibility and joy of bringing this light into a dark world.  Together, we light the way to truth so others can find their way to God.


As a child, I saw that my parents believed in tithing.  They gave 10% of their income to our church and to those who were needy.  I remember my father often telling me, “The more we give away, the more we get back.”  At the time his words did not make sense to me.  I couldn’t understand how giving away money could result in having more.

But soon after my wife and I began tithing almost 20 years ago, we began to understand what my father had been telling me.  The more we gave away, the more we received — not just from the standpoint of financial return but more importantly from the joy of knowing we had helped our church and God’s children.

Whether our tithe is a small or large sum, the Lord is pleased with our offering.  Attitude is just as important as the amount we give.  God loves a cheerful giver!


We had just finished a particularly busy Holy Week and Easter weekend when our 15-month-old son was injured.  He pulled a tablecloth from a table, and the cloth brought with it a square, rough-cut glass vase that sliced his nose open as it fell.  It was a serious cut.

At the hospital, we had to wait six hours for treatment; they had to delay administering anesthesia because he had eaten just before the incident.  When his treatment time came, his mother and I accompanied him into the operating room to keep him calm; but he panicked anyway.  As the medical team struggled to hold the mask over his face long enough for the anesthesia to take effect, they bumped his nose, starting the bleeding again.  Blood was everywhere; it even ran back into his eyes.  With those blood-filled eyes he looked at us as if asking, “Why are you standing and watching them hurt me like this?  Why aren’t you doing something to help me?”  I told him that this was the only way to “make it better.”

Then it dawned on me:  God watched Jesus dying on the cross, as Jesus asked, “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?”  But Christ’s death was God’s only way to “make it better,” to heal us and to take away the pain and the penalty of our sin.


When I was young, the stores along Main Street in our small town closed their doors from noon to 3 p.m. on Good Friday to commemorate the hours Jesus hung on the cross.  My family sat through the entire three-hour service that rotated among the Baptist, Methodist, and Presbyterian churches because they had the largest sanctuaries in the community.  This observance was a formative experience in my life.

The cultural patterns of those days are long gone.  We gave up the noon-to-3:00 service decades ago in favor of a shorter service on Good Friday night, a tradition that goes back to the Middle Ages and one that I appreciate more every year.

But evidently those childhood experiences conditioned me to think of Jesus as hanging on the cross only at that time of day.  The Gospel of Mark, however, says that Jesus was crucified at 9 a.m.  Then midday darkness covered the earth from noon to three.  I shuddered at the sudden awareness that Jesus was on the cross for six hours — an eternity in that hell.  No wonder Jesus prayed, “My God, why have you forsaken me?” (Mark 15:34).  Who wouldn’t feel God-forsaken in a time like that?

And yet Good Friday is not a time for theorizing about how we are saved by God’s love at the cross.  Rather, it is a time simply to hear the story, to experience the love, and kneel in wonder in the presence of a God-forsaken Christ like this.


Years ago I visited the tomb of Russia’s Vladimir Lenin in Moscow and then later, China’s Chou En-lai in Beijing.  In each tomb, the body of the former leader was preserved in a clear coffin where his faithful followers could see it as they paid their respects.  As I emerged from each of those tombs, the same thought went through my mind: Where could Jesus’ followers go to see his body?  The answer, of course, is nowhere!

I also have visited the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in Jerusalem, built around the traditional site of Jesus’ tomb.  I personally liked another site better, one called Gordon’s Garden Tomb.  While it may or may not have been the tomb of Jesus, it was more like what I imagined his tomb to be.  I went inside past a large stone in a groove to permit rolling it to seal the tomb door.  I saw where a body would have been laid, but no body lay in either of these two Jerusalem tombs.

No major religion except Christianity claims that its founder rose from the dead.  If this claim by Jesus’ followers had not been true, all that the authorities would have had to do was point to his dead body.  They tried to say his disciples stole it but would those who hid on Easter evening “for fear of the Jews” (John 20:19) have later sacrificed their lives if they knew the Resurrection was a lie?  Three leaders, three tombs, but only one leader is alive today!


As a child, I stood outside a railway station waiting to be picked up by an aunt with whom I was to spend my holiday. I had not met her before; I had only seen her photograph.  How would I find her in this bustling sea of people?  Then I heard my name.  That call was quickly followed by a smile and a hug from the aunt in my picture.  I was somebody again in that crowd.

I imagine it was something like that for Mary from Magdala on the morning of Jesus’ resurrection.  The pre-dawn darkness would have accentuated the horrible emptiness of her loss.  Her face was lined from weeping, and the empty grave made her sorrow complete.  In the growing light, even angels seemed unconvincing.  And then she heard the risen Jesus say her name: Mary!

For me, all the joy, the hope, and the wonder of Easter come with that meeting between Mary and Jesus.  Death turns to life; endings become beginnings.  But the best of all is recognizing that in Jesus I can be sure God not only knows about me but knows my name.  That is Easter.  That is why Christ lived and died and rose again — so that each of us may know ourselves as deeply valued by God in the midst of the world’s crowds.


“I know that my hair is sometimes questionable when I get out of bed in the morning,” my husband smiled as he walked into the kitchen for his morning coffee.  “But I just looked in the mirror, and what I saw almost frightened me!”

I smiled because I could certainly relate to what he was saying.  Who hasn’t looked in the mirror and been shocked, surprised, or amused at what they saw?  Mirrors play a very important part in helping us maintain our appearance, and what we see influences how we feel about ourselves.  But is a mirror that shows us how we appear to ourselves and to other people as valuable as one that would allow us to see ourselves as God sees us?

Easter is the perfect reflection of how God feels about us.  When we look at the cross, we see that God loves us enough to die to have a relationship with us.  That tells us how much God values each one of us.  When we look at the empty tomb, we see that no matter what happens, God has the power to see us through anything — even death.  Knowing this, we can face life with trust.  Jesus came to show us God and to reflect God’s love for us.  (See John 14:8-9.)  Easter invites us to see ourselves worthy of redemption, loved beyond measure, and created for eternal life!


I recently traveled with my sister to visit her daughter and grandchildren.  During our stay, I could not help but observe how much the children adored their grandmother, their “YaYa.”  Five-year-old Kyler wanted to be with her constantly.  When we sat down to eat, he insisted on sitting by YaYa.  When we walked down the street, he held YaYa’s hand.  He was totally enamored of her.  Near the end of the week, I asked him, “Kyler, why do you love YaYa so much?”  At first he shrugged and said, “I don’t know.”  Then he suddenly brightened, as if the answer had just come to him, and exclaimed, “Because she loves me!”

What a simple and honest answer!  We all want to be loved, and we tend to love the people who love us.  My sister would give her life for her grandchild, and he sensed the depth of her love.  So it is with us.  We do not love God in order to gain God’s love.  We love God because God first loved us.  Just as Kyler’s love is a natural response to his grandmother’s love, our devotion to God is a natural response to God’s great love for us.


In our Bible discussion, we looked at the four Gospels’ accounts of the resurrection of Jesus.  We discovered that each of the Gospels reports a different version of how the events took place.

Even though the Gospels present different accounts of the resurrection, all four agree on one central truth: our crucified Lord overcame death and rose again after three days, as he had promised (Luke 24:7).  To us who believe, Christ’s victory over death granted salvation and the right to become children of God (John 1:12).

As we celebrate and commemorate the risen Lord this Easter, I am comforted to know that we are all heirs of God’s kingdom through his resurrection.  We may come from different denominational backgrounds and see God’s work differently, but we are all united in our joy as we celebrate the resurrection of Christ.


My family believes in God but will not attend church with me.  At times, I become discouraged, and my attendance becomes irregular.

One Sunday instead of going to church alone, I decided to stay home with my family.  I was feeling sorry for myself and cried out to God about my loneliness and my longing for family worship.  Not long after I prayed, I heard a knock at the door.  My brother stood on our porch with his five-year-old daughter, Emma.  He asked if she could go to church with me.  Emma had gotten up that morning, dressed, and told him that she wanted to go to church.  My brother doesn’t attend church; but he did not want to discourage Emma, so he drove the ten miles to my home to send her to church with me.

That day, I did not sit alone in church.  As I held Emma’s hand, I realized that God had spoken to me through this child.  Emma helped me not to feel so alone.  God showed love to both of us that day.


From the whale-watching ship, I saw the whale surface.  For long minutes I looked into one of its huge eyes, knowing that I was seen as well as seeing.  Then the whale disappeared into the deep, to surface at other times and places.

In a similar way, God, who is always moving in the depths of existence, is revealed on the surface of our lives.  The resurrected Christ shows us what is always true — that life is stronger than death and far more than meets the eye.  The Resurrection means that Christ Jesus continues to work in our depths, at times surfacing unexpectedly to be with us in unmistakable ways.  In those moments we see and know we are seen, and we sense our connection.  Christ then returns to work in our depths, leaving us with sure knowledge of his reality.

We do not know when Christ will make himself known nor what he does in the times we do not see him.  But we do know that the risen Lord is present, whether on the surface or in the depths of our lives, transforming us beyond our understanding.  And we cherish those moments when the Resurrection is not just a doctrine but also a personal experience, when we look into the face of our Lord and know that we are not only seen but also loved.


As a young girl, I was painfully shy and longed to be popular and outgoing.  The girls in a newly-formed “club” invited me to join, to meet them at a local store for the club initiation, and then to attend a slumber party.  When we met at the store, I learned that membership was earned by shoplifting.  With a racing heart, I walked to a shelf with Bible bookmarks, slipped a bookmark into my notebook, and returned to the sidewalk.  The other girls questioned me, “Well, what did you get?”  I displayed my ill-gotten prize.

The party wasn’t much fun for me.  While the others chatted, I silently asked God’s forgiveness.  My parents had taught me to be honest.  The next day, I confessed and my dad drove me back to the store.  I returned the bookmark and told Dad I would take my punishment.  His comment was, “You’ve punished yourself more than I would; you’re forgiven.”

Like my earthly father, God loves us even when we stray and willingly forgives us.


When my oldest daughter, Molly, was five, she was learning to offer thanks at the dinner table.  She began with the expected, “Thank you, God, for this meal, and for my mommy and daddy.”  She then proceeded to look around the table, adding, “Thank you for mustard and for pickles and hamburger buns and for plates . . .” Although at first I found this merely a cute anecdote to share with friends, I’ve come to realize how meaningful her words really were.

In a world where food is scarce for many families, including some in my own community on the U.S./Mexico border, those of us who are able to place a nourishing meal on our table and look around at loving friends and family have reason to be deeply thankful.  Even things we often overlook or take for granted — from condiments to cleaning supplies — may be a much-appreciated luxury to others.

I realize the importance of giving to local food banks, delivering or making meals for shut-ins, or contributing to other charities helping to feed the hungry.  I continue to try to appreciate not just the “big blessings” in my life but also the small gifts that make my days colorful and special.


Pahliwe is a young Xhosa woman who knows the Bible and is devoted to Jesus Christ.  She lives in a homeless shelter in the Western Cape province of South Africa, but she longs to find work to support herself and make a home. I met her through my work with The Upper Room.

Pahliwe and others at this shelter have been using The Upper Room daily devotional guide for several months.  This week on the train going into Cape Town to look for work, Pahliwe dozed off with the magazine on her lap.  When it fell to the floor, a man sitting next to her picked it up and began to read.  When Pahliwe awoke, he asked if the magazine belonged to her.  “Well,” she said, “it was mine, but now it is yours.”  He was very pleased and said that he was glad to have it as he traveled home to Zimbabwe.

Hearing this story, I imagined other ways God might use this little guide.  I presented a thrilled Pahliwe with five new copies of The Upper Room — one for herself and four to give away to others.

Pahliwe’s story reminds us that as we go through our everyday routine, God can use us to serve others— even when we are unaware.


The stranger spoke three words. What he said reminded me of God’s presence, even to the depths of the seemingly bottomless pit I had hurled myself into.  I tried to smile through my tears.  I paid for my wine coolers and left the store, afraid the man would see the emotion his words had evoked. I couldn’t tell you what he looked like because I couldn’t face him without revealing my shame. But I do remember his words, “Jesus loves you.”

At first, I wanted to snap back at him, “I am well aware.”  After all, my father was a preacher.  I hadn’t always been the sniveling wreck I had become, buying alcohol to drown my pain.  Did he recognize the condition of my self-destructive soul?  Did he understand the depth of his words?  Through them, God was calling me back.

Over the next three years I often thought of his words.  All that time, God, ever patient, was waiting for me.  I began to pray, read scripture, and worship with God’s people.  The moment I turned toward home, God was there to pull me up, to dust me off, to love me through the mess I had made of my life, and to bring me back to the “road that leads to life” (Matt. 7:14).


Every morning I write down a verse of scripture to remember as a motto for the day.  One day my exhortation had to do with not slandering.  I know that spreading rumors with the intention of harming someone is wrong.

But it occurred to me later that there is a form of speech as insidious as untruth: speaking of another’s faults to a third person — even though the faults may be real.  We are prone to tell others about the wrong someone has done or about a particular weakness someone struggles with.  Even though no lies are told, such talk can cause prejudice or suspicion.  Relationships can be negatively affected.

That day as I was reflecting on my motto from scripture, a man called to tell me a story that I was confident was not true.   My first reaction was:  I will tell my colleagues about this!  But doing so would have harmed the reputation of the person he was calling me about.  Then I remembered the verse that I had read that morning and by the grace of God, I said nothing.  Now I make it a practice to ask the Lord to watch over the door of my lips.  (See Ps. 141:3.)


Every week I volunteer at a juvenile detention center with others from my church.  My goal when I joined this ministry was to change these young people and give them the tools they need to make it in the world today.

Early on in my volunteer work, one of the former inmates was re-arrested (unfortunately, a fairly common occurrence).  I saw that achieving my goal wouldn’t be easy.  As volunteers, we provide a positive influence for the young people as we talk to them about life and introduce them to passages of scripture that can guide them when they are released.

But how are we ever going to change them?  Instead of becoming discouraged, I re-read the verse (above) that inspired me to get involved in the first place.  Jesus never said to change anyone.  Whether we are meeting a stranger, a prisoner, or someone who is sick, Jesus gave us his direction.  Visit these people.  Spend time with them.  I have to trust that God will work through us to reach these young people during our visits and beyond.

I try not to become discouraged when I learn that a former resident is in trouble again.  I return to the detention center the next week to show unconditional love.


“I can tell you’re mother and daughter,” the salesclerk said.  We smiled, making no comment.  We’ve heard it before, and it always amuses us because we do not share DNA.  My husband and I adopted our daughter when she was six weeks old.

So what makes us look alike?  Living with me for 20 years, my daughter has picked up many of my characteristics.  We think alike; our reactions are similar.  In other ways we are quite different, but observers notice the ways we are the same.

When we are adopted into the family of God with Christ as our elder brother, something similar happens.  We spend time with God and with other believers; we discuss important ideas, and we gradually become more like Christ.  We hope that when we go out into the world, people are reminded of God’s love and compassion and want to follow Christ because of what they see in our lives.


My aunt had to move because of declining health.  We put her house up for sale.  The realtor who came by saw what I had not seen: small carpet stains, a leaking faucet, mold around a bathtub, a loose handle on a cabinet, and chipped paint on facings.  “Those things seem small,” she said, “but they make a huge difference in whether the house sells or doesn’t.  Please get them fixed before we put the sign out front.”

As I dealt with getting repairs done, God led me to begin thinking about the “small things” in my life — the bit of gossip I repeat, the minor resentments I hold on to, the way I sometimes shade the truth to my benefit, my pride and self-justification, judging the actions and worth of others. I wondered if these are actually sins.

Honestly, I knew that the answer is yes.  I had committed sins and dismissed them as mere human failings.  But they were sins and were obscuring the grace of God in my life.

In forgiveness and love, God helped me to be more honest and to confess my sins.  God’s love and grace guided me through the period of helping my aunt and enabled me to begin a process of spiritual growth that led me to deeper faith and greater joy in my relationships.


Years ago in my college philosophy class, we studied the passage in the Book of Acts that chronicled Paul’s time in Athens.  I was surprised to learn that discussion between Christians and philosophers was a more ancient tradition than I imagined.  To the Greek way of thinking, the professor explained, it was inconceivable that a god could die; gods were immortal and, therefore, could not die.  I was amazed at the image of Paul speaking of Jesus’ resurrection and enduring the mockery of the philosophers.  Even so, scripture says, “Some people joined him and came to believe” (Acts 17:34).

Years later, I accepted Christ as my Savior.  I remembered the philosophy class, and I thought about how great the Lord truly is — to be immortal and the Supreme Being who not only died for us but rose from the dead and lives today.  This speaks to our sense of reasoning and to our spirit.

Many Christians view Jesus’ resurrection as ancient history, perhaps as some did in my philosophy class.  But though it happened over 2,000 years ago, Christ lives today.  The resurrection is not another ancient story with a good moral to be remembered on Easter Sunday.  The resurrection is the reality that sustains our faith and anchors our reasoning.


Years ago I developed a painful and disabling spinal problem.  I could no longer work, play, or volunteer.  Only appointments with doctors and various therapists broke up the long, lonely days at home.  I felt that all my energy, time, and money were focused on me and my body.  It seemed that I had nothing left to contribute to the world.

Then, Paul’s words in 1 Corinthians 12 changed my perspective:  “The members of the body that seem to be weaker are indispensable.”  I marveled at how God can turn the world’s thinking upside down.  I learned that I was valuable and needed just as I was.  God helped me see that I had the opportunity to serve Christ by sharing his love with all the healthcare workers who were trying to help me.  They could know Christ’s love by the way I treated them, and I could pray for them and their work daily.

An even greater insight, however, was that I was providing a way for them to serve Christ by helping me to heal.  We need one another in the body of Christ.  Weak and strong together, we can learn the importance of both giving and receiving God’s love.


As she prayed for me, my friend said to God, “Let Nancy know she’s your favorite daughter.”  God doesn’t have favorites!  I thought.  I knew God couldn’t answer a prayer like that.

Later that day, I came across photos of my dear friend Doreen, who had died of bone cancer years earlier. I remembered her memorial service.  As friends and family told stories about her, several women described themselves as Doreen’s closest friend.  They’re mistaken, I thought.  After all, I was her best friend.  Doreen had so lavishly, unselfishly loved us all that each of us thought we were her favorite.  She lived so well Jesus’ commandment to love that I’d felt completely, unconditionally loved.

The Lord interrupted my memories, speaking gently in my heart, “That’s like my love.”  I told God that I didn’t understand.  God said to me, “You don’t have to understand.  Only believe.”  And I do believe.

Still, I wondered how God could love me.  I am certainly no saint.  Then I remembered the stories of David — a liar, an adulterer, and a murderer and yet was “a man after [God’s] own heart” (Acts 13:22).  To my surprise, I realized that I am God’s favorite.  Each one of us is.


While taking Marius out for some grandpa-grandson time, I was preoccupied.  Usually, I would have played some children’s praise music, but I had forgotten to turn it on.  I heard Marius asking from the backseat, “Where’s our music, Grandpa?”

We maneuvered through traffic with the music playing, but again my mind wandered to work and the impossible deadlines I faced.  I was resting my head on my hand when Marius asked, “What’s wrong, Grandpa?”

I told him I had a headache.  Then I heard him praying, “God, please help Grandpa to feel better.  Amen.”  As we drove on a bit further, Marius requested a favorite Bible story, “Tell me the story about Samuel, when he was sleeping.”  I told the story.  When Marius wanted to hear it again, I did a replay.

As we reached our destination, I realized that my grandson, not I, had been the teacher that day — and why Jesus told us to model our lives of faith on that of little children.  If we praise God, if we identify the needs of others and pray for their hurts, if we love and tell the stories of faith, we will live well.  I have made the Christian life way too complicated.  To Marius, it is simple.


I frequently travel by plane, and generally the flights are pleasant.  On one occasion, however, the pilot alerted us to buckle our seat belts because we would be passing through an area of turbulence.  The flight attendant started to move briskly about the cabin, and I tensed up with fear.  I was not prepared for such turbulence, and neither were the rest of the passengers.  After what seemed an eternity, though in reality it was only a few minutes, the plane regained stability and I breathed a sigh of relief.  As the pilot had said, the turbulence was localized.

Later, when I recalled this incident, I thought of our earthly life.  The Lord does not promise us a life without strife.  On the contrary, we will all go through bumpy times.  However, when they come we can remember that we are only passing through some turbulence and that God is with us.  Our faith steadies us.


Recently while filling out job applications, I completed several personality assessments.  Many of these questionnaires have asked me to compare my own traits and abilities to those of the general population.  After completing several of these surveys, I realized I had repeatedly chosen the response, “I perform (a specific task) at least as well as most others.”  This repeated response reminded me that I often use others as the gauge of my conduct.

The apostle Paul, in his letter to the church in Ephesus, reminds me that rather than comparing myself to those around me, I should strive to follow Jesus’ example.  His life is the perfect example for me to follow.

As ambassadors for Christ and children of God, we are called to be set apart, holy.  God loves us and accepts us as we are, but we have a higher standard to aim for.  I know I will never be sinless, but I can work to sin less as I look to Jesus as my role model.  Rather than comparing myself to my peers, I now ask myself, How am I measuring up to Jesus’ standard for my life?  I want to seek first to please God rather than the people around me.


Although I am a lifelong Christian, I did not feel much like an immortal soul and did not have much confidence that I would rise to eternal life when medical tests revealed that I had cancer.  But as I reflected on the Easter story, I found that I believed strongly in the resurrection of Jesus.  And because Jesus rose, I had reason to believe that he would rescue me from death as well.

Out of gratitude, I began to pray more regularly.  Perhaps because of my weak faith, I did not pray for cure of my cancer; but I did take time to praise God each day for what I had.  Sometimes as chemotherapy and radiation took their toll, my prayers were little more than incoherent babbling.  But with the aid of the Spirit, I kept praying.  (See Rom. 8:26.)

I endured months of treatments, underwent three major operations, and had a colostomy for a while.  My father died while I was going through all this.  At the end of that awful time, my wife said, “This must have been the worst year of your life.”

I thought about that for a minute, and I realized that throughout those difficult days I had been comforted with a profound sense of Christ’s presence.  “You know,” I told her, “it may have been the best.”  Knowing Christ is with us transforms us and our struggles.


Four-year-old Brenda slipped unseen from her mother’s pew.  She walked down the aisle to the front of the church, where her pastor stood making the weekly announcements.  Taking the pastor’s hand, she announced, “I’m hungry!” The embarrassed mother hurried to retrieve her child and bring her back to the pew.  She assured the youngster that they would eat when they got home.

The little girl’s statement stuck with me as the service continued.  How many of us have come to church “hungry” today?  Are the others in the congregation spiritually hungry for more of God?  Am I?  Did I enter the sanctuary expecting to be spiritually fed from the Lord’s table?

Now each Sabbath I make a conscious effort to come to church hungry.  I wait expectantly for the Holy Spirit to feed my heart and soul.  Then I continue my spiritual journey, nourished, invigorated, and fed.


One day at the close of my devotional time, I said a special prayer for my 12-year-old son, Esteban.  At the time, my wife was with our son at the hospital.  At midnight, the phone rang.  It was my wife, Doreen, with the news confirming that Esteban had meningitis.  This was especially alarming because in those days in 1993 many young children had died from meningitis.  I hung up the phone, fell to my knees, and prayed.  I placed Esteban in God’s hands, as my wife and I had done countless times since his birth.

The next day a medical treatment plan for my son was initiated.  Praying constantly, my wife and I placed our hope in the Great Healer to restore our son’s health.  God heard our prayers and the prayers of our brothers and sisters in the community of faith.  After several months, Esteban pulled through.

Today Esteban serves God.  He plays piano in our worship services and is an English professor deeply invested in his students and their achievements.  Doreen and I are grateful to God not only for restoring Esteban’s health but also for the ways God is bringing wholeness to Esteban’s Christian life. Our family has learned to wait on the Lord even in the midst of life’s most challenging moments.


The butcher I worked with in a small-town grocery store showed me the best way to sharpen knives.  I watched as he used a round metal file to sharpen not only his knives but his cleavers as well.  Then he taught me the technique.  Today I own a file, and my knives are always sharp.

The process of sharpening requires that iron meet iron.  The friction wears away a dull edge to form a new one.  My butcher friend told me that a dull knife isn’t safe; it’s actually more likely to cause serious injury.  And a dull knife obviously doesn’t do the job as effectively as a sharp one.  So sharpening makes a tool more efficient and prepares it for the next job.

Similarly, our Christian friends can help us remain open to God’s work in us.  Their counsel may seem like unwanted friction at times, but we need friends who remind us of God’s wisdom, keep us grounded in truth, and hold us accountable.  Such accountability prepares us for the work God has for us to do.


In my Bible study group, John requested prayer for his elderly neighbor, Sam, who had suffered a serious fall.  John was helping run errands for Sam.  Our group leader prayed for Sam’s health and also that John would have a chance to speak to Sam about Christ.  Afterwards, John remarked, “It never occurred to me to talk with Sam about Jesus.”

One person in our group said that helping Sam was, in fact, witnessing to him.  And to be sure, it is.  But another person said, “Telling him about Christ goes one step further.”

That made me think.  I enjoy visiting people who are sick or lonely, and I help by giving them rides and meeting other needs.  But how often do I speak to them about my faith?  Do others know that I do these loving acts because Christ is my savior?  Do they know what courage and strength and love Christ brings to my life?

Although I enjoy the friendships I make, my goal should be to draw people not to myself but to Christ by reading scripture or a devotional or offering to pray.  From now on, I want to go one step further and witness about my faith in Christ with words as well as deeds.


When we were adolescents, my brother and I strove fiercely to win our dad’s approval.  This created a pattern of competition that continues to interfere with our relationship years later.  During a recent wilderness hike, my brother took the lead.  The trail wasn’t especially difficult, and he set a frantic pace.  Before long, however, he was gasping and suffering muscle cramps.  We made it back safely, but that competitiveness made it difficult for us to enjoy our time together.

As a young Christian, I strove fiercely to win God’s approval as well.  I tried to be a perfect Christian: I tried to pray longer, I read the Bible more diligently, and I behaved more piously than everyone else.  That attitude, however, only alienated those around me.

When I read Ecclesiastes 7:15-20, I was appalled.  How could someone be too righteous?  And how could the writer suggest that we tolerate evil?  Finally, I realized that, try as I might, I can never be perfect.  I can live as pure and holy a life as possible and avoid pretension of righteousness, but I don’t have to win God’s approval.  It’s free and unconditional.  I need only to accept it.


Recently I was cleaning out drawers in my kitchen.  In one drawer were recipe books and lots of recipes needing to be filed.  Some of the recipes had been cut from magazines; some came from friends; some from my mother.  I had collected many of them for years, but most I had never tried.  The dishes made from these recipes might taste fabulous, might even become family favorites.  But to find out I must make the dish and then taste the finished product.

My Bible is a bit like my recipe drawer.  In it and in other notebooks, I have Bible verses written out, along with quotes from Christian writers and speakers.  Most of these had great meaning for me at various times in my life.

Like the recipes, the word of God has to be “tasted” — tried and acted on.  Through the Bible God speaks to us, nourishes us, supports us.  We are to read it regularly, with faith, and follow its wisdom.  When a passage from God’s word gets our attention, it is not meant to be a “cut-out” word that we carry as a note stuck between the pages of our Bible.  Rather, each insight is something to meditate on and live until it becomes part of us.


My husband has been out of work this past year.  And this was not the first time; over the last 20 years he has been laid off five times.  Each time has become more difficult for us as husband and wife and as a family.  Our three children have endured many hardships and fears related to this.  We’ve experienced days with no oil for heat or propane for hot water.  We’ve had empty food shelves and no electricity. We even endured a three-week period without a car, making it difficult to get to school, stores, and church in our suburban area.

Even though we’ve experienced hardships, we’ve also received care by unexpected means.  People have given us food, cars, propane, money, and their prayers and support.  These people served as God’s angels to us during these times, and we’ve learned to trust God to help us meet our needs.  God has blessed us far more than the beautiful lilies Jesus described.  When we know and accept God’s love, we can face tomorrow’s challenges with confidence that all will be well.


The Lord did not bless my father with a pleasant singing voice.  Quite the opposite: Dad couldn’t carry a tune even if it had handles on it.  Standing next to him in church made singing hymns difficult.  My mother sang in the choir.  My sister and I often shared a hymnal with Grandma, leaving Dad to howl in solitude at the other end of the pew.  This never seemed to bother him.  Each worship service found him enthusiastically adding his dissonant voice to the great hymns of the faith.  He truly did make a “joyful noise” — every Sunday.

The quality of our vocal efforts is not important to God.  God doesn’t care if we sing like angels or bleat like goats.  God, who created us, knows our abilities.  The act of praise from those who love God pleases God.  When we sing in worship, we aren’t performing for the approval of the people around us.  We’re lifting our voices to please God, who loves us, cares for us, and died for us.


Today in my country, we are suffering from tremendous insecurity because of widespread violence.  This has caused many of us to avoid owning automobiles or jewelry because having them exposes us to the danger of losing our possessions or even our lives.  Living under these extreme circumstances reminds us of Jesus’ message not to store up treasures on earth but to seek rather the kingdom of heaven.

Even with all our precautions not to appear wealthy, a young man wielding a gun stole my wife’s car.  My wife was not harmed, thank goodness; and the thief did not take her purse or the keys to our house.  However, we have not been able to forget this incident.  My wife reminds me, “We did not lose only the car; we lost our security and sense of peace.”

Today, we live modestly out of necessity rather than conviction.  The disciples of Jesus went a step further.  For their faith, they left everything they knew to seek the kingdom of heaven.  Our challenge is to nurture our spiritual growth and to place it ahead of absurd accumulation of riches — to act out of faith rather than fear.


A retreat was held in a setting that offered mountains, forests, and a nearby lake — perfect places to explore and enjoy God’s marvelous creation.  Before we ate our first midday meal, our retreat leader suggested that we spend our early-afternoon break wandering and relaxing in the area surrounding our cabins.  “Go marveling,” she said.  “Find something in nature to bring back with you.”

That evening, we brought the items we had found during the afternoon: feathers, leaves, oddly-shaped limbs, seedpods, wildflowers, and rocks.  We told the stories of our discoveries and celebrated God’s gifts.  The gift of marveling at the works of our Creator energized us and brought us together.

From that experience, I learned that I can go marveling most anywhere.  When I see a brilliant red, orange, and gold sunset, I marvel.  When I hear a bird singing, I marvel.  When the air smells clean and the world grows still with the first snowfall of the season, I marvel.  When fluffy clouds billow in the afternoon sky, I marvel.  Sometimes I let the busyness of the day interfere with enjoying nature’s beauty, but I try to save part of every day to pay attention to God’s “wonderful works.”


I recently visited friends in South Carolina for Christmas.  While I was there, the pastor of the church they attended asked me to read 1 Corinthians 13 in worship.  Since I am blind, I read in Braille.  I moved carefully and deliberately through the apostle Paul’s words about love.

After the service, the pastor said that the slow, deliberate way I read touched him deeply.  Too often, we rush through Bible reading and do not take the time to meditate on what God wants to say to us through the words of scripture.  The writer of Psalm 119 held a high view of God’s word and righteousness, as the entire psalm shows clearly.

How much do we cherish this gift from the Lord, God’s message, to people everywhere?  This reflection prompted me to resolve for the new year to study God’s word more diligently so that I grow in my understanding and become more committed and consistent in living what I believe.

This year, as a New Year’s resolution, I determine to take more seriously what the Lord shows me in the pages of the Bible.  Studying God’s word moves us toward spiritual maturity.  The Bible offers guidance for every day of our lives.


My wife and I have moved to a new house in a new city.  All that had become familiar over the last 20 years is gone.  The comfort of our family home, my garden in its different seasons, the thoughts triggered by driving down our street, the familiar smell of my favorite café — all are gone.  Everything is new: a new house, new streets, new landscapes, new shops, new people.  Since we moved I have realized how familiar places can define us.  Where we are in the world gives us a sense of who we are.  Familiar places prompt memories, influence our attitudes, and ground us.

However, I find that who I am is much more than the places I have lived and the roles I have played.  Our identity is more about being in Christ than about being in a place.  Yes, letting go of all that had been warmly familiar was hard, but God offered rich assurances before we moved.  When friends at our goodbye gathering were praying, they sang a song that included the line, “and I will give you a home.”  I felt God smiling, saying, “Look to me.”

God is good, and God has provided a home for us.  The more I look to God, the more I can feel at home here.  I belong to God before I belong to a place, so I can go anywhere and be at home.


Once a week or so, my husband and I go on a date.  Though we’ve been married over 30 years, we still find that a quiet meal or a walk along the river gives us the time we need to reconnect.

Something similar is true in my relationship with God.  If I don’t spend regular time with God, our relationship could grow cold.  This is what happened to members of the church at Ephesus.  In Revelation 2:4-5, Jesus says to them, “Yet I hold this against you: You have forsaken the love you had at first.  Consider how far you have fallen!  Repent and do the things you did at first.”  When my husband and I haven’t had enough time together, we find that doing what we did at first — going on a date — helps to rekindle our love.

When I first came to believe in God, I remember feeling delightfully overwhelmed by love.  I was full of love for God and for the people around me, and I knew that because of God’s love for me I could endure anything that came at me.  God continually calls us back to our first love, to God’s unfailing love.


Mary was sick, and her condition seemed hopeless.  Suffering from tuberculosis, she had become frail; most everyone felt she was near death.  Even her mother had called family members to come to have a last visit with Mary before she died.  When we went to pray for her, my faith was shaken.  Even as we prayed, I didn’t believe her situation could change; I thought we would be called that same night to be informed of her death.

One month later, Mary was still alive — no better, but no worse.  At church one morning I noticed Mary’s mother crying.  I was touched and began to ask God what to do.  I felt the Holy Spirit prompting me to visit Mary again to pray for her. I hesitated because her situation seemed hopeless; everybody knew she was dying.  But God said in my heart, “Just do it.”  So I obeyed.  I went to Mary’s house after the service and prayed, even though I didn’t hold any hope.  I “just did it.”

Two months later, I heard a knock at my door.  When I opened it, Mary walked in.  Her appearance had changed so much that I didn’t know it was she until she introduced herself.  Mary is evidence of God’s power to heal.

When you feel God’s prompting to pray, do it.


My sister always seemed to be talking about her children — what they did when they got up, how they were doing in school, what little things they enjoyed.  Everything about the children thrilled my sister, and I was pleased to share in her experiences.

I began thinking about how God delights in seeing us each day.  God loves us even when we make mistakes.  The Bible says that we are engraved on the palms of God’s hands.  Just as my sister carries pictures of her daughters in her purse, shows them to her friends, and tells stories about them, our names are carried every day on the palms of God’s hands.  God does not forget us.  God never will forget us.


Jigsaw puzzles are challenging and fun.  As piece by piece is fitted with others, a picture emerges.  In a spiritual sense, we can see our lives as a meaningful picture slowly coming together, or we may see our lives as a hopeless jumble of puzzle pieces with colors and shapes that have no discernible pattern.  The way we see our lives depends in part on our understanding of how God acts in human history.

Matthew’s account of Christ’s birth cites an Old Testament reference to fit the birth of Jesus into God’s larger picture.  Matthew wrote, “All this took place to fulfill what had been spoken by the Lord.”  Matthew’s emphasis on the fulfillment of prophecy encourages us because it shows that God works through human history.  We see God working through Jesus, and as we put our trust in Christ, we see our own lives fitting into what God is doing.

Day by day we can discover how new pieces fit into the puzzle.  A picture emerges — sometimes very slowly — and we can begin to see what God is doing.


Recently I retired from my career of more than 30 years as a research scientist.  Using an array of microscopes from simple to complex, I spent my days searching out underlying properties of a material or process that could affect product performance.  However, I was aware that sometimes my interpretation might be imperfect.

The micro-world is composed of even smaller elements created by God, so small that even the most powerful microscope cannot reveal them.  Our earthly view, as Paul wrote, is but “a reflection as in a mirror.”  Only God is able to see the building blocks that form us and influence our human interactions.

As a problem solver, I can be as efficient as possible with my microscopes and still fail to uncover that one key finding that would illuminate the problem.  Outside of work, I face the same dilemma with inexplicable situations or behaviors.  I remind myself that only God knows the fundamental elements that make up our existence.  Our difficulty in understanding a situation often reflects the limits of our earthly perspective.  We’ll never be able to fully understand, but we can place our trust in the God who does.


My son was affected by the flooding that has devastated more than half of Queensland, Australia.  Lives were lost and farms destroyed.  Just two weeks after the flooding, Cyclone Yassi wrought havoc in our state, wiping out towns, island resorts, and farming communities.  I’ve struggled emotionally; I’m feeling fragmented.  My emotions swing between high and low.  As I try to concentrate on one situation, something else demands my attention.

The psalmists wrote about their fragmented lives.  They poured out their needs to God in times of trouble, calling on God in the morning, at noon, and in the evening.  I’ve done just that, and God has provided me with the spiritual help to get through the nights of restlessness to face each new day.  I know from past experience that God walks with me through these troubles.  Christian friends communicate with me, pray for me, and encourage me.  Even when it is hard to pray, I can read prayers that accurately describe my current situation.  I believe that in casting my cares on the Lord, I will find that God will sustain me and not let me fall.  I will trust in the Lord.


One night as I was getting ready to start our youth-group meeting, one of the high-school boys came in with a grin spread wide across his face.  “Guess what?” he beamed.  “My name is not Chris Jackson anymore.  It’s Chris Farrow!  My stepdad adopted me!”  Chris’ relationship to his stepdad had changed, and that change was shown by Chris’ changing his last name.

In the Bible we read of various people receiving new names.  God changed Abram’s name to Abraham.  God also changed Sarai to Sarah, Jacob to Israel, and Saul to Paul.  All of these people experienced a dramatic change in their relationship with God, and their changed names reflected that experience.

Jesus will also change each of us.  In fact, Jesus already knows what he’s going to call us.  Jesus knows everything about each of us.  Inside and out, good things and bad things, just plain strange things — Jesus knows us, loves us, and has the perfect name picked out for us.  Our name Christian shows that we have been changed, that we have been transformed by God’s grace.


In ancient times, kings would put their image on coins and statues throughout their kingdoms so that people would recognize the king.  Genesis is saying that just as a king would place images of himself on coins so that people would recognize who was ruling, so God’s image in human beings can help our world identify God as its true ruler.

Being created in the image of God gives us worth beyond our actions or achievements.  We are God’s creation from the beginning.  Our destiny is to belong to God, and our mission is to live and share this truth.

This single statement from Genesis 1 quoted above can completely change our thinking about the dignity of humans and our equality with one another.  Every human being regardless of station in life is made in the divine image.  Because God treats everyone as equal with no one valued over another, with no one left on the bottom, shouldn’t you and I do the same?  Each of us is made to experience life as God’s image-bearer.  This is why mistreatment of any person or group is serious.  Justice can never be separated from the gospel of the kingdom of God.


When I was young our family vacationed at our family’s small farm home.  I saw farm workers plow the land and plant seed.  They were followed by another set of workers who watered the crops.  In time and with careful tending by the workers, plants sprouted, then grew and matured to bear fruit.  Then other workers harvested the fruit.

Jesus spoke of another kind of harvest, a harvest of souls.  I was part of our church’s evangelism team.  We visited in the community to tell people about Christ.  Hearing the gospel did not persuade all of the people I visited.  At times I felt sad, thinking I had not done my best.  However, the important thing to remember is that those who were not persuaded at first may still come to follow Christ.

I realized that God’s word is powerful.  When God’s word is proclaimed and shared, it is like a seed that germinates when the climate is right.  Then sun, rain, and caring hands contribute to its growth.  We are God’s farm hands to proclaim the good news — some planting, some nurturing, some seeing the harvest.


On my wedding day, our pastor surprised me by beginning the ceremony by reading 1 Corinthians 13, which had not been included in the rehearsal the night before.  Maybe the special occasion caused me to hear this text in a new way, for I remember coming away with new insight.  I had always heard these words as overly sentimental and associated the word love with romance.  I realized that nothing in the Corinthians passage suggests such an understanding.  The Bible relates love to the self-giving behavior of God.

As a recent seminary graduate, I had studied faith extensively, especially its role in salvation and the Christian life.  I had always thought faith was the premier power at work in the world.  That day, though, I heard that the greatest of the three eternal attributes is love.  What a wonderful way to begin a marriage!  Without the wooing of God’s love, I would never have come to faith in the first place.  Without the love of my future spouse, I would never dream of making a lifelong commitment.  And certainly, my love for our daughter these past 25 years has caused me to behave in ways I would not previously have imagined.

I’ve come to see that love is the key to Christian living because when we love, the image of God is strongest in us.


I was visiting a friend whom I knew was a Christian.  I had not known her long, but we had in common reading The Upper Room.  She had spoken to me of the blessing she found in reading stories of faith from all over the world.

A copy of the magazine was lying on her table, and suddenly she laid her hand reverently across it and asked me directly, “Is this your life?”  Her question caused me to ask myself if God meant everything to me.

Later, I found myself evaluating the depth of my commitment.  Is God really my life, or just part of my life?  How much time do I spend in God’s presence?  Is God squeezed into a few minutes in the morning and again before I sleep?  Do I ask for God’s guidance when I plan for the future?  Some of my answers to these questions made me uncomfortable, and I felt humbled by my friend’s question.

I want my life to be “hidden with Christ in God” (Col. 3:3), not for Christ to be a part of my life only when it is convenient for me.  The next time someone asks me, “Is this your life?” I want to be able to reply with all my heart, “For me, to live is Christ.”


January 13, 1982, was the darkest day of my life.  After 35 years of self-centered living and countless poor decisions, I found myself standing in my barn on top of a bale of hay, with a rope around my neck.  Just before I stepped into oblivion, I heard a still, small voice ask, “What about your three sons?” In an instant, God used the thought of my children to show me that I could not turn my back on life.  I removed the rope, stepped down, and decided to change my life.  I knew, however, that I could not do it alone.

January 14, 1982, found me in the science classroom of a teaching colleague who was a Christian.  We talked, and I called on Jesus Christ to save me.  That day, I became a new creation.  In time, I attended a Walk to Emmaus spiritual-renewal program, and eventually I began the process to enter professional ministry.  I retired from teaching, and on July 2, 2006, I gave my first sermon in the wonderful country church where I am privileged to serve as pastor.

No matter how badly we mishandle our lives, God does not forget us.  God’s love and forgiveness are always available to give us a new start.


Here in South Africa, we recently celebrated the 21st anniversary of Nelson Mandela’s release from prison.  I can still remember that day.  I sat in front of the television watching history unfold.  “Tata Madiba,” as he is affectionately known in South Africa, has played a major part in changing our nation.  That someone can stand for peace and the inclusion of even his enemies in a new government after serving 27 years as a political prisoner is remarkable.

Jesus spoke about the power of nonviolence.  He called his followers to be creative and to point out the injustices in their communities.  Jesus did not call us to retaliate.  Retaliation only breeds more violence.

This passage from Matthew can lead us to meaningful ways to bring about justice and peace in our homes, in workplaces, in public settings.  It can help us make a difference for good in the world.  We are not perfect, but the Spirit of God can make us instruments of grace, forgiveness, love, and peace.  Are we willing to let the Spirit work through us this day?


One morning I heard a story on the radio about a man whose right arm had been amputated some time earlier.  However, he still suffered something called “phantom pain.”  Though his physical arm was not there, the patient’s brain still remembered the pain and sent out pain signals.  The doctor retrained the patient by having him face a mirror and tell his brain that his right arm was gone.  Over the course of therapy, the patient got better and eventually was free of the pain.

I can relate to that man’s predicament.  After I accepted Christ as my personal Savior, my sin and its penalty were gone.  Jesus said on the cross, “It is finished” (John 19:30).  Yet after I became a Christian I did not always feel forgiven and free.  I still suffered guilt and self-condemnation.  This is a kind of phantom pain too.

This story on the radio challenged me to face myself in the mirror of God’s word.  (See James 1:23.)  As 1 John 3:20 tells us, “If our hearts condemn us, we know that God is greater than our hearts.”  As we come to believe that, we can be healed from phantom pain and guilt and be set free to walk in grace.


Our mission team was distributing clothes in a village about 550 kilometers from my hometown in South India.  At noon, I said to the local pastor, “Let’s have our lunch.”  When I noticed he and his wife had brought along very little food, I asked them, “Why didn’t you bring lunch for yourselves?”

They responded, “People in this village usually eat only twice a day, morning and evening.  They have no money for a noon meal.  Since they have nothing to eat, how could we?”

We were stunned at these words from the pastor.  We learned further that in addition to having only two meals a day, children from this village have to walk many kilometers to school.  Those who are sick likewise have to walk to the hospital.  To get drinking water, they must walk 15 kilometers.  They live with poor sanitation and no transportation facilities.

I returned home thinking, How can they live without food, water, medical care, transportation, schools?  These painful and unjust conditions can and will change when we tune our hearts to the heart of Jesus and resolve to bring his compassion and love to those in need.


As I ride my horse along the trails that meander around the cornfields, I realize how majestic and good God is.  As my horse’s hooves sound on the trail, my thoughts are caught up in the moment and I give thanks for the blessings God has given me.  When I am alone with my horse in the countryside, I feel close to God.  I am content and at peace.  The cares and burdens of the day float away on the wind, and I am alone in God’s company.

When I enjoy these good moments in life, I ask God to help me see the good even in the worst situations.  I realize that life will not always be perfect and that I will encounter complications and trials along the way.  I desire to be faithful and to praise God even when life hits me hard.

I have experienced God’s goodness and mercy each day of my life.  Reading God’s word and praying restores my soul and helps me to keep God first in my life.  As my horse and I reach home, I again give thanks for all that God has done and ask God to strengthen my faith for the days to come.


When I was a conscientious college student, my stomach knotted at the mention of the word test.  Despite hours of study, I worried that I’d studied the wrong facts.  I feared forgetting what I’d memorized.  Even after I checked my work and turned in the test, my elation was quickly replaced by self-doubt: Did I do as well as I think?

College tests have been replaced by tests with less clear-cut results.  As a parent, I hope that I am teaching my children the skills they need to navigate life.  Birthdays come and go, and I wonder how I will deal with the challenges of aging.  I won’t know the results of these tests for many years.

But Proverbs 30:5 reassures us that the wisdom found in God’s word survives life’s tests.  The Hebrew word in that verse translated “proves true” (NRSV) is also translated “is tested” (NASV) and “is pure” (KJV).  The image comes from the process of refining or purifying metal.  Everything God says or does is for our good.  The truth of scripture grows from and reflects God’s love, which upholds and strengthens us in any test we face.


A story once circulated about a devoted admirer of the famous Italian tenor Bejamino Gigli.  The fan remarked that Gigli was indeed the second Caruso.  Enrico Caruso was a great singer.  As the story goes, Gigli responded, “I’m never the ‘second Caruso.’  I’m the first Gigli!”

I always smile when I recall this story, mainly because of Gigli’s spontaneous and witty reaction.  But his answer also reminds me of a deeper and important truth:  God created each of us unique — that is, not aspiring or striving to be like someone else, not allowing anyone to prevent us from becoming who God wants us to be.

Of course strong and respected people deserve to be admired and followed.  But the bigger challenge remains to discover, embrace, and develop our own God-given talents.  Because God has made each of us unique, each of us is indeed special — one of a kind.


God is for us!  I remember the first time I genuinely realized this truth.  I was a recently abandoned, young wife, living alone for the first time.  Dejected, I sat in a sparsely furnished apartment more than 1,000 miles from family and friends — miserable, humiliated, and very afraid.

Yet in the midst of all that fear, anxiety, shame, and anger, I heard God saying through Psalm 139, “Do you think I don’t know?  Do you think I don’t care?  Do you think I can’t be trusted with your future?  My grace is sufficient for you, even in this.”  (See 2 Cor. 12:9.)  And time proved that to be true.  God and God’s people got me through that struggle and loss.

I think the Apostle Paul heard a similar message on the road to Damascus.  (See Acts 9:1-19.)  Paul came to see and to say that “in all these things we are more than conquerors through him who loved us” (Rom. 8:37).  Nothing can separate us from God’s all-powerful guidance, goodness, and sustaining love.


I don’t know about you, but when I think about the practical aspects of the parable of the lost sheep, I don’t understand it.  Why would the shepherd leave 99 sheep unprotected just to look for one that was lost?  Wouldn’t some of those 99 sheep wander off or even be attacked and killed by wild animals?  Going after one sheep is simply not a practical solution to the problem.  It seems to be a bad business decision.

But ultimately, I don’t think this parable is intended as a practical solution to an everyday problem.  I see it more as a description of the radical love that abounds in the kingdom of heaven.  God loves us with such reckless abandon that God will ignore practicality in order to find us and bring us home.  That’s astounding love.


The two soccer teams were eagerly awaiting their match.  Over the years they’d had a stormy history, and on this particular Saturday afternoon emotions were running high.  Every player was fit and raring to go.  The visitors played with skill and enthusiasm, and they won.

When fans were interviewed after the game, one man said, “The visitors won because they played with passion.”

Passion makes a difference in many areas of life, including our faith journey.  Are we passionate in serving God?  Do we take every opportunity to share what we believe?  Do we try to live Christlike lives?  How wonderful if those who know us well can say of us that we live full of passion for Christ!  I want to “press on toward the goal” (see Phil. 3:14) of obedience to God, looking neither to the right or the left but fixing my eyes on Jesus (See Heb. 12:2).  What about you?


When I balance my checkbook, I confirm that my record matches my bank’s record of my financial activity.  I am good with numbers, and usually my account balances with the bank’s.

This is not the way it works with spiritual accounts.  The Bible proclaims that all people have sinned.  Sin separates us from God.  If we hope to be in relationship with God, something positive must balance the negative of our sin.

But nothing we can do is good enough to compensate for our sin.  Only God has that power.  God loves us enough that, through grace, Jesus’ sacrifice outweighs our sin.

With my bank account, I do my part for it to balance.  But when it comes to sin, only God is mighty enough to balance our account.  God does this through grace.  Praise the Lord!


This morning I awoke to a weather warning: Beware of flash freezing.  This alert is issued when the temperature drops suddenly, quickly changing a rainy day into an icy potential disaster.  Something similar to this weather phenomenon happens to people, too.  Life brings “flash freezes” — sudden changes that leave us wondering where God is.  In the Bible, we read about Joseph, a man who experienced many flash freezes.  Ice didn’t make his journey treacherous, but the people around him did.  When his brothers sold him into slavery (Gen. 37:12-28), Joseph’s life changed in an instant.

Later he faced danger when Potiphar’s beautiful wife’s lies sent him to prison (Gen. 39:1-20).  While Joseph seemed doomed to misery, “the Lord was with him; he showed him kindness and granted him favor in the eyes of the prison warden” (Gen. 39:21).  God knew Joseph’s road was dangerous, yet God provided reminders of divine grace, kindness, and favor.

When we face such sudden changes and losses, we may wonder where God is and be tempted to give up.  But in such times we can remember that as with Joseph, God is with us.  God will show us kindness in the midst of tragedy and loss.


When I was 17 years old, I participated in a foreign-exchange program.  For almost five months I went to school in Russia and lived with a Russian family.  It was my first time to be away from my family for more than a couple of days.  My well-meaning church back home sent several Bibles with me, certain that part of what I was called to do on that trip was to bear witness as a Christian.

However, after my arrival in Russia all those years ago, I soon discovered that God had been there long before I came.  I experienced God through the people I met and loved and depended on during my visit.  Although the ways we worshiped and understood God differed, we all nonetheless experienced relationship with our Creator.

When I recall this period in my life, I think about Jesus’ words in John 10:16 about his sheep that belong to another fold.  He doesn’t say that the disciples must find the other sheep or that they will listen to anyone other than their shepherd.  And he does not speak of them as being lost.  Instead, Jesus said, “There will be one flock, one shepherd.”  Let us listen to the voice of our shepherd, Christ Jesus.


When I moved to Middle Tennessee, I sorely missed the East Tennessee mountains where I grew up.  Never before had I realized how comforting their presence was to me.  I felt protected — almost enfolded — by them.

For this reason, I can relate to the scripture quoted above.  It took awhile for me to appreciate the beauty of the mountains, and likewise, it has taken me years to become aware of the beauty and comfort of God’s presence.  I’ve been through times of doubt in my faith journey, such as when my mother died and when I was diagnosed with a chronic disease; but like the mountains I love, God was always present.

When I get bogged down in the problems of daily life, I look at a picture of mountains that hangs in my office. It reminds me to lift my eyes.  Even if these mountains are just in my imagination, seeing them reminds me that my help indeed comes from the Lord.


During my high-school years I did yard work for Mrs. Buzard, a wonderful woman who lived a life of much caring and kindness.  Often after I had worked all afternoon in the hot sun, she would bring me a tall glass of lemonade.  She also showered me with small gifts and homemade treats.  Her grace-filled hospitality shaped my life.

 The Bible is replete with examples of, and requests for, hospitality.  We are commanded to show hospitality to the stranger in our land (Gen. 18:1-7), as well as to open our homes to those in need. (See Rom. 12:13, Isa. 58:6-10, Heb. 13:2.)  By doing so we may discover that God has drawn especially near to us.

Actually, hospitality is at the center of the gospel.  The Bible tells us that God has come to us in Christ, received us as children, and given us all that we need.  Our faith in God’s love moves us to show this same hospitality to others.

Each day we can be thankful for the hospitable acts of others.  And as a response to God’s love coming to us through them, we can look for ways to show “hospitality and welcome” to each one we encounter.


Have you ever watched a butterfly working its way out of a chrysalis?  The process requires an amazing struggle.

Anyone who does not understand the purpose of the struggle might in sympathy snip the chrysalis.  This would make it easier for the butterfly to get out, but the butterfly would likely be underdeveloped and never fly.  The struggle is part of the process of developing strong wings.

For many years of my Christian life I felt like a butterfly trapped in a chrysalis — a chrysalis of secular values, philosophy, and standards.  Struggling through my feelings of inferiority, fear, and failure was agonizing and time-consuming.  However, shortening this spiritual metamorphosis would have resulted in a weak, superficial Christian life.

I became a new creature when I accepted Christ as my personal Savior.  Slowly, like an emerging butterfly, I was freed — I found spiritual freedom in Christ.

Christ desires that every one of his followers live unencumbered by our old nature and develop strong wings to fly free as new creations.


I breathed a satisfied sigh as I closed the Bible.  It had taken me three years, but I had read every word, working slowly to be sure I understood what I was reading.  What a rich experience it had been!  By going to the true source, I had learned a great deal about my own faith and about the experiences of those before me.

Throughout my reading, I was struck by how blessed we are to be the beloved children of God.  It isn’t something we deserve in any way but instead is the gift of a loving and gracious God who cares for us even when we sin.  Time after time as we read in the Old and New Testaments, we see people reject God; but still God’s love for them never wavers.

After finishing the Bible, I wondered where I would go next for my spiritual reading.  Of course, many wonderful books can help us grow in faith and in the knowledge of God.  But at that particular moment in my life, the answer was simple: I opened to Genesis and began to read, “In the beginning . . .”


I was deeply concerned about someone who is dear to me.  The gray, cold day of constant rain made me feel even worse.  At work as I stood by the window and sobbed, one of my colleagues came up to me.  He told me that everything would be okay.  However, these words did not comfort me.  In fact, they made me feel worse.  A while later, another person came up to me.  Seeing that I was suffering, he did not say anything but simply gave me a hug and stayed with me.  This silent sympathy and empathy did far more for me than words.

He did what the Apostle Paul urges us to do: “weep with those who weep” (Rom. 12:15).  Today’s reading in which Job’s friends mourned with him reminded me that words of comfort can be important but also important is another kind of consolation — to simply be quiet together.


I was at the most crucial step in a delicate repair job when the lights suddenly went off.  Poof!  Total darkness!  Apparently, something had knocked out our generator.  Fortunately, I found a small flashlight in my toolbox, and with its tiny beam I was able to complete the job.

The parallel of this experience with faith was obvious to me.  I think we are all like that flashlight: small beams of light gleaming in life’s darkness to show others the way to God.  The Bible abounds with references to light in the context of our faith.  In Matthew 5:14, Jesus refers to his disciples as “the light of the world.”  In a following verse, he encourages his followers to “let your light shine before others, that they may see your good deeds and glorify your Father in heaven” (Matt. 5:16).

While the flashlight beams of our personal faith may not always be the brightest or even the most reliable, nevertheless they can shine in the darkness.  We can light the way for people to find relationship with Christ.  And it is crucial that we do so.


After I stopped working at a full-time job, I wondered how I could earn some extra money.  I knew that God would lead me to a way I could use my talents, and I continued reading the Bible and devotional books regularly.

Each day after completing my housework, I began to write articles online.  I received positive feedback for my articles, so I have continued to write, inspired by God.

From the small amount of money I received for my writing, I began to bring my tithe for an offering at Sunday worship.  But I noticed that many people in my congregation were giving much more than I.  I questioned myself, wondering if I were giving enough and feeling guilty that I was not giving more.

In the midst of this experience, I received an affirmation when God reminded me of the story from Luke 21 where Jesus commended the widow for giving her two copper coins.  “Truly I tell you,” said Jesus, “this poor widow has put in more than all of them.”

Then I realized that our circumstances are all different.  The amount of my tithe is not the important part; what is important is that I choose to give to God from what God has given me.


When I officiate at weddings, I ask the married people attending to touch their wedding rings.  When I touch my ring, I remember what happened 45 years ago when that ring was first placed on my finger.  I also remember who I am because of the covenant I entered into that day.  Mary Ann and I pledged to be together as husband and wife for as long as we live.

The Bible tells us that remembering is important to our identity.  When Joshua led the Israelites across the Jordan River into the Promised Land, he instructed them to make a pile of 12 stones they would gather from the middle of the dried-up river.  Twelve stones for the 12 tribes would remind generations to come of how God had brought the people of Israel into their land.  The stones would also remind coming generations of who they were — the people of God.  “When your children ask in time to come, ‘What do those stones mean to you?’ then you shall tell them. . .” (Josh. 4:6-7).

Reminders of what God has done in our lives are important to our faith.  Let us remember and be thankful.


As I measured the flour and kneaded the bread dough, I thought of the people who would later enjoy this offering from my kitchen.  A recent surgery prevented me from eating many foods, but I still loved to cook.  My husband’s co-workers and our extended family received most of what I baked.

The story of Martha helped me to view my baking as a ministry.  She used her God-given talent of hospitality to show her joy at having Jesus in her home and having the chance to make him comfortable and welcome.  Martha demonstrated her faith through her actions, as we are told to do in James 2.

As I reflected on Hebrews 13:16, I realized that I can express my faith and love through my “kitchen sacrifices,” by taking meals, soup, or treats to shut-ins, new mothers, neighbors, or busy, working families.  When I prepare these gifts with prayers for the recipients and deliver them with friendship and joy, I show others that God cares for them through the actions of God’s family on earth.


Every day I stand in need of God’s amazing yes.  God does not look at me and say, “Well, you certainly messed up.  You aren’t the kind of Christian,” or the kind of employee, the kind of student, the kind of parent “that I expected.”  God is not indecisive about whether I am worthy of love.  On the contrary, even in spite of my sinfulness, God says yes to my worth.

To fallen and sinful people, God continually says yes.  God says yes to people that I have not met.  We might shy away from a homeless person or a starving man in Haiti or a woman dying of AIDS in Uganda or a child who rummages through a landfill searching for clothes.  But to all of these and to all of us, God says yes.  All of us are created in God’s image; each one of us is valued and cherished.

By receiving God’s yes in Jesus Christ, I am able to say yes to others and to myself.  In the dark moments of life when I feel like damaged goods; when I feel I am no longer meeting my or God’s standards and expectations; when I feel lost, lonely, or rejected, I know without a doubt that God’s unwavering word to me is yes.  And it is the only answer.


Loving our enemies is not just a New Testament command.  Exodus gives practical instructions about how to treat our enemies.  According to Exodus, one who sees that the donkey of an enemy has fallen under its load must help.  If we see an enemy’s ox or donkey wandering off, we must return it (Exod. 23:4-5).  In other words, when we see a mishap involving an enemy’s property, we are not to turn a blind eye and let it be.  Nor are we allowed to gloat or rejoice at another’s misfortune.  We are asked to help even persons who hate us.

Jesus echoes this in Matthew 5:44-45.  If someone is an enemy, we love her.  If he curses us, we bless him.  If she hates us, we do only good to her.  If he is going out of his way to hurt us, we respond by praying for him.

God wants us to respond with love, not to make relationships worse by retaliating but to make them better by giving the best of ourselves.


Doug, my four-year-old son, accompanied me to the communion rail.  At the rail, we knelt together and opened our hands, preparing to be served.  The pastor broke a piece from the loaf and placed it in Doug’s hands.  When he broke the bread for me, crumbs from the loaf fell to the floor.  “You spilled it, Jesus,” Doug whispered to the pastor.

“I know,” he replied.  And he picked it up and continued to serve the rest of us, as Christ had served the disciples.

Later, I asked the pastor, “Have you been called Jesus before?”

“Yes,” he replied, “several times, by little ones.”

Being mistaken for Christ seems unlikely.  Yet shouldn’t we want to live as Jesus did, so that others see him in the way we treat one another?  Our call is to be like him, as much as we are able.

I profess to be a Christian, but I don’t always behave as one.  When I’m unloving or judgmental, I’m not living as the gospel teaches.  Participating in worship and assisting with various church projects helps me behave and feel like a Christian.  But away from church, it’s more difficult.

I need reminders through daily scripture study or other spiritual reading.  Each day, I pray that in my attitudes and behavior I will be more like Jesus.  I want to be mistaken for Christ.


In school I learned about the necessities that make life possible.  Oxygen is one; we have to have air to breathe.  Water is another.  Three days is about the maximum we can survive without fluids.  Food is another of life’s necessities.  Clothing and shelter completed the list.  However, one necessity my school curriculum overlooked.

I have learned that God’s grace is a necessity.  God is the creator of all life.  When we are born into this world, we are also born into God’s grace.  Without God’s grace, we could not survive.  God’s grace is in the air we breathe.  It is in the water we drink.  It’s in the food we eat, and it’s even in the materials that make up our clothing and our shelter.

We as God’s people respond well to this grace when we give thanks and live faithfully.  Giving thanks and living life to the full are faithful responses to the gift of God’s grace.


The day started as a happy time in the company of friends.  But within a few hours, it became a living nightmare.  Lisa, my three-year-old daughter, drowned.  I demanded that God help us.  I prayed that God would wake her up and restore her health.  When it became clear that this was not to be, I prayed again, asking God to give me the strength to rebuild my life.  I had to trust God to help me cope.

Some months later, we were trying to return to some kind of living, doing whatever we could to get through each painful hour.  In my despair, I cried out to God for help and felt that God was inspiring me to write about the emotions and turmoil churning in me.  When I did that, my healing began.

Eventually I published a book about our loss and my journey through grief after the death of our daughter.  God has given me deep faith and the desire to help other bereaved parents.  God has brought me to a place in life where I am truly happy once more.


Occasionally I hear people say, “I wish we could be more like the New Testament church.”  And I always think, We are a lot more like the New Testament church than you probably realize!  Take the church in Corinth as an example.  According to Paul, its problems included cliques among members, pride, sexual immorality, civil lawsuits, disputes, gluttony, drunkenness, and division over spiritual gifts.  Some members even denied the resurrection of the dead.  This New Testament church was not one we should try to be like in those ways.

Sometimes the more we are involved in the inner workings of a church, the more discouraged we can become.  We discover petty jealousies, members who are not always kind to one another, and Sunday school teachers and pastors who do not always live what they teach.  We may be tempted to give up on the church or to fantasize about a golden age that never truly existed.

Our church problems today would not surprise the apostle Paul.  Yet Paul believed in grace for the church, not just for individuals.  He gave thanks to God for the churches, knowing that Christ was working through them and that the testimony of Christ had been strengthened in them.  He could believe and say all of these things not because the churches were faithful but because God is faithful.


I was reared by parents who loved me very much but were often critical.  So I became afraid to try new things, afraid of making a mistake.  The servant who received one talent in the Parable of the Talents depicted me perfectly.

One summer when I was an adult, we had a beautiful crop of tomatoes.  I wanted to try them in a new recipe.  But what if it didn’t come out right?  Even in matters as small as this, I found myself hesitating for fear of failure.  I took a breath and prayed for courage.  The casserole turned out quite well.

I thought about all the times God had called me to do something new but I held back.  This small act of trying something that I had been afraid to try felt freeing.  I decided that I would remember that day the next time I felt God encouraging me to do something I had never done before.

Later I decided to take an online course in spiritual direction.  The last time I took an academic course, the Internet did not exist.  But God’s loving presence surrounded me as I logged on to the system, set up my password, and answered questions.  I made some mistakes, but I learned that I don’t have to be perfect; God just wants me to try.  I also learned that God does not want me to live in fear.


When my granddaughter, Lucy, was two years old, we went for a walk to post a letter.  On the way to the mailbox, we saw the moon, a great, bright, white orb hanging in the black sky; and she was filled with wonder.  Months later, she still talked about it.  We adults take the moon for granted.  We know it’s there, we expect to see it on nights when the sky is clear, and sometimes we ponder that humans have stood on it.

Imagine the psalmist outside at night, centuries before street lights.  Perhaps the writer of Psalm 8 sat on a hillside looking after a flock, lying back, keeping an eye on the sheep while gazing at the heavens.  Psalm 8 captures the wonder of the night sky that Lucy felt.  The psalmist realizes how tiny and insignificant we are compared to the magnitude of the sky.

Even as the psalm recognizes how small we are, it acknowledges the worth God gives us.  Human beings are the pinnacle of God’s creation.  We are special.  Look at the moon, marvel at the stars, and be thankful for the value God puts on you.


This passage from Jeremiah reminds me how short our memories can be.  Jeremiah speaks to the people on behalf of the Lord in a time of upheaval.  But before giving Jeremiah the message, God tells the prophet, “Write this down.”  Surely the people would not forget these powerful words of hope coming to them at a time of such deep grief, fear, and pain!

Yet in peace or prosperity, we can quickly forget the trials of the past.  This forgetting is dangerous, however, because it allows us to think we’re self-sufficient and in control of our lives.  Sometimes even in despair and suffering we can forget as well — forget the hope and the assurance from God that our present situation is not the end.

The season of Lent comes each year as a time to help us remember.  We reflect on our God who in Christ knows what it is to suffer and who meets us in our suffering to offer us hope.  Discipleship is about remembering — remembering that to follow God is to hear the cries of those who are suffering and to offer hope that only God can bring, to remember that peace is not something we achieve on our own.  May this Lent be such a time for each of us.


In the middle of a long, cold Canadian winter, I am eager for spring to arrive.  I can hardly wait for the snow to disappear so I can begin digging in my flower beds.  As the warm weather arrives, I start checking for signs of new life in the soil.  Sure enough, green shoots begin poking through the hard ground.

Isaiah 43:19 reminds me of the new life of spring and of the new life that emerged from my wilderness journey.  When I was diagnosed with breast cancer, I felt like I was wandering through a desert.  The road ahead seemed like a long wilderness journey.  I wondered if anything good could possibly come out of this dark and difficult time.  But sure enough, God made a river flow through the desert.  God poured water on my parched soil.  New life emerged as I experienced God’s faithfulness to me.

When we place our trust in God’s faithful care, we become open to the new things God is doing in our lives.  We are eternally being made new in our body, mind, and spirit.


Recently I attended a funeral where I heard Jesus’ familiar promise that in his Father’s house are many rooms (John 14:2).  These are reassuring words, partly because for me a house involves a family — the family of God together for eternity.  I love this picture of heaven, conjuring up thoughts of reunions and reminiscences.  But something inside me says, Hold on!  Together . . . forever?

While I know the Lord has commanded us to love one another (see John 13:34), some of the people I have met are not always easy to love.  I am sure they say the same about me.  But I still find hope in Jesus’ words.  “Many rooms” does give the impression of one family.  Families are not always in the same room and do not always get along, but they are still families.

Why wait for heaven?  Now is the time to love one another as unique creations of the same Father who loves each of us.  Now, when I meet people, I try to remember to say to myself, God loves this person — enough to want to have them home for eternity!


We woke up late on the morning of a big event at our church.  As we got ready, my wife and I decided to save time by picking up breakfast en route.

As the children were getting in the car, their faces looked sad.  Finally, one of the younger children began crying.  “You didn’t give us any breakfast,” our five-year-old said.

As my wife told her that we would be picking up breakfast on the way to church, I chimed in and asked, “Honey, have we ever failed to give you something to eat?”

“No,” she replied.  Once she realized that we would always feed her, she dried her tears and went happily to church.

Her fear of going hungry and having her needs unmet reminded me of my walk with God.  Many times I have been sad or afraid that God has not heard my prayers, seen my need, or realized that I was hungry.  Like our daughter, I too have cried out when I felt God had forgotten me.

I am learning to trust that God promises never to leave us or to forsake us.  God is always working on our behalf whether we can see it or not.


A male cardinal lives in my neighborhood.  I hear him far more than I ever see him.  Every day I look forward to hearing his distinct call.  Surprisingly, I can usually recognize the cardinal’s call despite the morning air’s being filled with the songs of other birds.  Yet at times I can barely hear the cardinal, or I miss it altogether because I am involved in another task.

Similarly to listening for the cardinal’s song among the others’, I must make the effort to hear God’s voice.  The Old Testament passage above shows us how Samuel learned to recognize God’s voice and to listen for it.  Our fast-paced world makes it easy to become caught up in our commitments.  Perhaps all we hear are the calls of our jobs, our families, and our finances.  Where is God’s voice among all these?

When I take the time to slow down and still myself, to listen to God in prayer and through scripture, I learn to recognize the voice of God, who has been with me all along.  I just need to listen.


Recently a blizzard slammed the Atlanta area where I live and kept people inside for several days.  After about three days of being stuck inside, I became weary and bored.  I tried to find activities to keep me busy, but to no avail.  As I stared out the window at the snow, I reminded myself that the snow would soon melt and turn into water.

As I dwelled on this thought, I saw that our lives are often like this.  Over time our hearts can become frozen.  Jesus, however, promised that those who believe in him would have “rivers of living water” flowing from within them.  In other words, those who are led by the Spirit are those whose lives flow freely and unceasingly from a never-ending Source.

When the sun hits the snow, it begins to melt and flow out into the world.  In a similar way, as the Spirit touches our heavy, frozen hearts, we are slowly transformed into people through whom love, grace, and peace naturally flow out into the world.


I accepted Christ as my Savior in my early childhood.  However, my life was filled with fear for many years.  I believed that if I were in the act of sinning when Jesus came back, I would be lost.  This lack of assurance deprived me of the joy of being a child of God.

One day as I was reading a passage from Exodus 12, the reason that Israel’s firstborns were spared suddenly became clear to me.  God told the people to take some of the slaughtered animal blood and put it on the door frames of the houses.  Then God added: “When I see the blood, I will pass over you.”  God did not say, “Here lives Moses.  He is a man of God.  So I will pass over.”  Or “Here, Miriam is not good enough.”  God did not decide according to the person inside the house.  The blood on the door post caused the destroyer to pass over.

This was a reminder to me that Jesus shed his blood for us.  “In [Christ] we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of our trespasses, according to the riches of his grace that he lavished on us” (Eph. 1:7-8).  The blood of Christ shed for us by grace is the source of our security.  When doubts arise about our worth or our salvation, we can trust Jesus’ work and words and not our feelings.


In a sermon near the beginning of Lent, our pastor suggested that instead of giving up something for Lent we take up something — some healthy habit or a practice helpful to others.  I decided to take up the habit of praying each time I heard an emergency siren.

My prayers vary in length, but they always include thanks to God for the emergency personnel — their selflessness and expertise — and a request that the lifesaving equipment they use will work as it should.  I pray that the helpers may arrive safely and that the situation they are responding to may be resolved as efficiently and effectively as possible.  I pray also for those receiving emergency help, that they stay calm and realize how best to allow the rescue workers to help.  I pray for healing and awareness that God is with them and all who are involved.  Even though one emergency siren is one too many, God is with both the helpers and the ones being helped.

This was my Lenten practice.  For believers, many ordinary situations can become calls to prayer if we are open to God.


As I watched the liturgical dancers, choir members, and musicians during a church program, I was envious that I did not have similar talents.  I wondered what talent I had that would create the joy and excitement I saw on the faces of the people around me.  I started to check off on a mental list the talents I do not have: I do not dance.  I do not have a voice that any choir director would welcome.  I am not musically inclined in any way.

As my “do not” and “cannot” list grew, my self-esteem plunged.  What talent had God given me?  Discouraged, I closed my eyes and prayed.  Romans 12:6 came to mind: “We have different gifts, according to the grace given to each of us.”  In the fog of my doubt, I saw a glimmer of hope.  God has given me the ability to listen patiently and to offer encouragement to those who come to me with their problems or concerns.  I can also write; and that talent, combined with my eye for photography, allows me to create a variety of multi-media projects to entertain family and friends.  I realized that no matter what our gifts, God loves each of us.  God’s only request is that we use our talents wisely and fully.


My life was difficult.  My husband made me feel worthless.  He told me not to go to church because I was not worthy of Jesus’ love.  I began to believe him, and I stopped going to church.

A lovely woman from the church came to visit me.  During our conversation, she advised me to talk to the pastor about my situation.  In her sweet manner, she asked: “Neri, what was the first Bible verse you memorized?”

I responded, “Love your neighbor as yourself.”  It became clear to me that I was not loving myself.  I knew that changes had to be made in my life and in my children’s lives.

Later I read the passage from Isaiah that is our reading today and found the courage to put an end to a marriage that had entrapped me.  My children and I relocated to another city.  I began to breathe the fresh air of new life.

Today, one of my sons is studying for the ministry and the other son is a member of a musical group that leads worship in our church services.  I took a lay pastor’s course and have had many opportunities to put into practice what I have learned.  I give thanks to God for transforming my life, and I know I have God’s blessing.


Many people greet each other by saying, “Hello.  How are you?”  I noticed that if I reply with the usual, “Fine,” few people seem to notice.  So I began to respond, “I’m thankful.”

My answer brings interesting responses.  My neighbor called across our yards, “How are you?”  When I replied, “I’m thankful,” he asked, “Why?  What happened?”  He assumed that something had gone well in order to cause me to be thankful.  Clerks in stores often greet me with “How are you?” My “I’m thankful” causes them to look up and to respond, “That’s great,” “Wonderful,” or “That’s terrific.”  Some express appreciation for my positive answer and thank me.  This week, the school principal said, “I look forward to your saying, ‘I’m thankful,’ each day.” Some people ask, “Why are you thankful?” and I have an opportunity to tell them about God’s blessings in my life.

If we take a moment to reflect, all of us can think of many reasons to thank the Lord.  Expressing gratitude is good for us and can be a blessing to others.


When I looked into the beautiful, innocent eyes of the child in front of me, I realized that I was a part of the world she was experiencing.  It was in my hands to express for her what our world is like — the world she had been born into.  I vowed to grant her glimpses of heaven because heaven is what I wish for her.  When she looks at me, I want her to feel joy, peace, and love.  And I want this not just for her but for all people.  In many ways we can offer glimpses of heaven on earth for people around us.

When we live out Jesus’ commandment to love one another, we can bring heaven to people living in hell on earth.  By helping to meet people’s needs and treating them with love and kindness, we can help to change our world into God’s kingdom on earth.


More than any time in the church year, the season of Lent brings us face to face with sinfulness.  Though it may be difficult for some of us to think of ourselves as sinners, Paul boldly said, “All have sinned and fall short of the glory of God.”  None of us is spared the taint of sin because all of us have asserted our will against God.

Sin has such a hold on us that we do not have the power to break out of sin by our own actions or through our resolutions or decisions.  Sin is always there before us, and it is vast and inescapable.  We cannot run away from it or hide from it or deny it.  If we compare ourselves to others, we may feel virtuous; but we are no better and no worse than our neighbors.  However, another comparison is larger and more important.

During Lent, we compare ourselves not to our neighbors but to Christ and to what God wants for us.  We sin each time we fail to love as Christ taught us.  Lent helps us to see ourselves as sinners, and Easter brings the good news that Christ redeems us from that sin.


It seemed that one winter storm with heavy snow and driving winds would barely end before the next storm blasted in, leaving us homebound and waiting for the skies to clear.  Those who lived in town might have enjoyed a brief respite from their usual routine, but here on the farm we either had to get the food to the livestock or the livestock to the food.  Horses pastured a mile from the house didn’t seem far away until I had to haul feed to them on a road made invisible by snow drifts.  Lucky for me someone had ventured out before me and “broken a trail” that left a narrow, slippery track of ruts.

As I was maneuvering that track and praying, “Lord, please keep me in the ruts,” I realized that spiritually I really needed God to do the opposite for me.  I was in a spiritual rut.  I was unwilling to face new challenges.  I had often asked the Lord not only to keep me safe in uncomfortable experiences but to keep me out of uncomfortable experiences.

Ruts are a safe place in a blizzard, but in our spiritual life ruts can be hazardous to our relationship with Christ.  The passage from Matthew 14 tells us that Peter trusted Jesus enough to get out of the boat during a storm.  We too can trust God enough to get out of the ruts that keep us from living more faithfully and abundantly.


I understood the people’s reactions to me — the glancing looks, keeping their distance in silence.  Like others in the waiting room, I was there to see the cardiologist because I had recently experienced a heart attack.  But my orange prison jump suit, shackles, handcuffs, and two armed guards didn’t exactly help me to fit in.  Then an elderly woman walked in, smiled, and said, “God bless.  I hope you’re doing well.”

I responded, “I’m fine.”  Suddenly my anxious feelings were replaced with calm.  “Thank you,” I added.

Afterwards in the van heading back to the prison, I thought how that one person looked beyond the outward signs of what most consider a second-class citizen and saw a person — a person who, though surely one of God’s own people, was in many ways estranged from the human family.  Maybe it was simply that she saw an opportunity to do good.

The apostle Paul reminds us that as Christians we are called to show consideration and care for others, particularly for those in need and “of low position.”  While such actions may not always come naturally, that special effort can make a significant and lasting impression on people’s lives.  It did for me.


One afternoon while washing dishes, I watched a mother robin in the holly bush just outside my window.  When rain began, she gently settled herself over her hatchlings.  The rain soon became a downpour; the robin stood up in her nest and spread her wings wide.  She rocked back and forth a few times, stretching her wings to create an umbrella over the nest.  The rains pounded harder, yet she did not move.  I watched her in amazement as I continued cleaning my kitchen.  My chores completed, I hesitated to leave the room.  The robin was still standing with wings outstretched, protecting her young.

The beauty of this scene reminded me of Psalm 91:4 and the refuge we have under God’s protective wings.  Life’s trials are sometimes only a drizzle and at other times a fiercely pounding storm.  But regardless of the intensity of the storms, God will be faithful.  Though we may not always see God’s wings spread over us, we can rest assured that they are there to offer us shelter and comfort.


The passages above call us to take inspiration from our fellow believers.  Part of the beauty and power of growing together as the body of Christ is being in community with other people of faith.  Each of us can name people who have challenged and encouraged us in our journey.

One of my heroes of faith grew up in a Christian home, the daughter of a pastor.  Her faith formed her moral and spiritual life through high school and college and exuded from her in delightful ways.  She married a deeply committed Christian man.  Life was grand — until one day while driving from her teaching job she was hit by a driver who ran a red light.  She suffered traumatic brain injury and coma.  After months of therapy, she now spends life mostly in a wheelchair.  Undaunted, she and her husband are rearing two children.  She continues with therapy, goes on family trips, and is the best friend anyone could have.

She is my daughter, Shevon, and her favorite saying is “Faith makes things possible, not easy.”  I thank God for the blessing of Shevon and all the heroes of faith who inspire us.


While sweeping the patio one day, I found a coin.  I picked it up and noticed how grimy it was.  I felt it was not worth cleaning and threw it away.  Almost immediately the thought occurred to me that though the coin was thoroughly dirty, it had the same value as always.

So, too, I thought, Jesus Christ washed my sins away, and I remain a worthy child of the One who first created me.  I felt sad as I thought of people whose circumstances or way of life impedes our seeing their true worth.  As a result, we fail to offer them our assistance.  What would have become of us if the Lord had dealt with us as I first dealt with the coin?  I give thanks that God sees our worth and never throws anyone away.


For many years my wife and I have made it a practice to read The Upper Room at breakfast.  Even when we are away from home we always take our copy of the magazine along with us.  So when we recently went on a cruise to Mexico we continued this practice, with me reading the devotional aloud to my wife while at breakfast.

Our time of devotions attracted the attention of one of the cruise-ship’s staff, who told us she had overheard the devotional for that day and that it had spoken to her.  That gave us the opportunity to share our faith with her.  During the course of our conversation I gave her our copy of The Upper Room so she could begin her own practice of spending time with God each day. Although we were temporarily without a copy of the magazine, I knew that God would put it to good use.  After that encounter we used the time we would have spent reading the devotional to pray that God’s word contained in that copy of The Upper Room would speak in a powerful way to her.


In his book Shaped by the Word, Robert Mulholland defines spiritual formation as “the process of being conformed to the image of Christ for the sake of others.” Because I’m an associate pastor for Christian formation, I think a lot about my part in this formative process.  What am I to do?  What effort will it take from me?  How hard do I need to work at it?  I can’t imagine how God could form me without my help, my effort, and my hard work.  But what I’m learning is that God doesn’t need or desire my help.  What God longs for is my presence.  What God desires from me is surrender — resting in God’s unconditional love.

I’m a new grandfather.  And I must confess, I’m smitten. I’m filled with love every time I look at my grandson, Jackson.  He doesn’t have to do anything.  All that is required is his presence.  Quite simply, his presence is the gift.  And as I continue to search for my part in the spiritual formation process, I’m gradually beginning to understand what God needs from me.  I hear God saying in my heart, “It’s enough, Steve, to show up and be with me.  Sit with me a while.  Let me heal your hurts and disappointments.  Be like Jackson, content to rest peacefully in his mother’s arms, trusting that his every need will be met.  Rest in my love.”


The best advice I have ever received came from my father.  He told me, “It’s better to keep silent if you don’t have anything kind to say,” and, “Always choose your words wisely.”

My father models his advice.  Although I watched him live these words each day, I failed to learn from his example.  As I mature in my walk with Christ, I am finally beginning to rely on the Lord to help me, especially after my harsh words crushed a trusted friend.  Once the ugly words were uttered, it was impossible to heal the wound they caused.  No matter how profusely I apologized, the damage was done.  Our relationship became strained and filled with tension for months.  All I could do was pray, trusting God for healing and restoration.  Then I waited until my friend could find it in her heart to forgive me.

I wish I had followed my father’s advice and avoided this painful ordeal.  Instead, I learned the hard way.  Now I am more cautious and prayerful in the way I voice my opinions.


When my son was four years old, I enjoyed playing a game with him.  He sat on my knees, facing me.  While holding him firmly by the hands, I bounced him gently.  Then, without releasing his hands, I stood; and still supporting him with my knees, I bent over slightly toward him, turning him upside down.

I thought he might react with apprehension; but to my surprise, he grinned.  I exaggerated my movements a bit, saying, “I think you’re falling.”  He continued to grin.

When I expressed my surprise at his lack of fear, he calmly responded, “I know you won’t let me fall.”

What trust!  He was absolutely certain that I loved him and that I held his hands firmly. Why should he be afraid?

I never forgot his words.  Jesus directed us to consider the example of children for a reason.  We adults fear situations that might overwhelm us.  But if we hold fast to God’s hand, knowing that God loves us, we have no reason to fear.


The day had been much like any other until I met with my supervisor in late afternoon.  The corporation where I had worked for the previous five years had decided to eliminate my position.  Suddenly and without notice, I was unemployed.  Fear overwhelmed me; all I could think of was, Now what?

Panicked and feeling betrayed, I spent the next several days focusing on my hopeless situation.  Then one morning during my quiet time, two questions came to mind: What does God want me to learn from this?  What new door is God about to open?  Changing my thoughts of fear into anticipation put my focus back where it belonged — on God.  I remembered that every overwhelming circumstance that I face in life is an invitation to become more like Christ.

 Our perception of a situation can either steal or enhance the peace that God freely offers to each of us.  The choice is ours:  conform to the pattern of this world or allow God to renew our minds.


A few days ago the contents of my purse spilled all over the front seat and floor of my car.  I gathered everything up and stuffed it back into my purse.  Later I realized that a small plastic card I needed at work was still missing.  Back in my car, I scanned the front quickly from the driver’s seat and then dug through my purse again.  No luck.  Frustrated, I assumed I had dropped the card elsewhere and hurried on to my next task.

A few days later I got into my car again, but this time as a passenger.  A little corner of something caught my eye, barely noticeable, peeking out of the narrow space between my seat and the center armrest.  It was the missing card.  What I had needed earlier was to look at my situation from a different perspective.

How often have I been guilty of failing to seek a different perspective in my spiritual life?  By relying only on my own hasty observations, I can easily overlook what is important and right in front of me.  But when I take time to slow down, read and study scripture, and open my heart to its message, God will lead me to new insights and to the answers I seek.


Where do all these apples come from? I wondered, looking out over an orchard for the first time. Apparently, an apple contains up to ten seeds. Just imagine if all those seeds grew into new apple trees: Those trees would produce apples that would produce seeds that would produce more trees and on and on. The number of trees and apples that could eventually come from one apple is amazing.

Aren’t believers supposed to be like that apple?  As God renews us in the image of Christ, we are meant to bear spiritual fruit. Through the transforming power of the Holy Spirit at work in us, we can become more loving, more joyful, peaceful, patient, kind, generous, faithful, gentle, and self-controlled (Gal. 5:22-23). These are the fruit God wants to grow in us. And other people will see these fruits growing in us as well. Perhaps they will be attracted to Christ by the good fruit they see in us.  Then the seed of our spiritual fruit can be planted and grow to produce a harvest of new believers.


I cannot stand being apart from my daughter.  Every little detail about her delights me.  She is only a few days old, and her activities are limited to eating and sleeping.  But still I find myself watching her endlessly.  I do this because I love her immensely.  I cannot get enough of looking at her.

The same kind of love is described in Psalm 139.  God watches over us and knows our every move whether we sit, stand, go out, or lie down.  God delights in us.  God loves us and knows details about us like the number of strands of hair on our head (Matt. 10:30).

Psalm 139 is not about a God who is constantly watching us to catch us when we slip up or do something wrong.  Rather, the psalm is about a loving God who, like new parents watching their children, cannot get enough of looking at us.  And it doesn’t stop there, for God came to live among us, to experience life as we do, and to show us the way.  God wants to be intimately involved in our everyday lives.


Four young men in their prime were forcibly removed from their homeland and taken to a foreign, heathen kingdom.  Not only were they of noble blood; each one was gifted with intelligence and wisdom.  Daniel, one of the young men, had the ability to understand dreams and visions.  And it’s clear from today’s reading that these talents were given by God.

Amazingly, the young men entered the king’s service and remained there throughout Nebuchadnezzar’s reign.  We know from the story in the Book of Daniel that these young men remained loyal in prayer and worship, serving God even while under the authority of a heathen king, even when in danger from lions or fire.

How often do we find ourselves wishing we were in a different set of circumstances?  We may feel sure that we could be far more productive in a different job, a different state, a different country, or a different church.  Sometimes we dream of an ideal situation in which we could serve God fully.  But the lesson from these young men who could do nothing but wait on God is to serve wherever we are, in whatever circumstances, to the best of our ability.  If we are willing servants, God can use us for divine purpose anywhere.


When I was 11 years old, I visited Clayt in his home.  “Clayt has trouble in arithmetic,” his mother said, “but his dad’s been helping him.  He did better on his last test.  I baked him a chocolate pie to celebrate.”  I was stunned.  The idea of being praised for ordinary achievements was foreign to me.

My parents taught me the importance of work and of seeing each person as valuable, but some of the Christians in my church responded to emotional needs with softer hearts and gentler words than I found at home.

I also noted that in the story of Mary and Martha, Jesus praised Mary, who wasn’t being productive.  She needed spiritual nurture and knew that Jesus had it to give.  She dared to rebel against custom, not working to fill the house with the smell of baking bread or to help her sister.

I’ve lived 70 years; and I’ve been like Martha at times, finding fault with people who aren’t obviously productive.  I also remember the sting of being criticized for reading or golfing instead of working in the garden or cleaning my room.  I pray for help to be more Christlike in my approach to those whose values and way of living are different from mine.


My older son was diagnosed several years ago with schizophrenia and alcohol dependence.  The complexities of his dual diagnosis include drug and alcohol abuse, homelessness, paranoia, delusional thinking, and angry outbursts.  We have come close to despair on many occasions.  Repeatedly, we have tried to help him because we love him, but we have been forced to back away.  At times I have felt anger at the choices he makes that worsen his condition.

Because I’m his mother, each time I back away I feel like a failure.  I have to live with the shame and guilt that I feel because his severe mental illness is more than I can handle.  My heart breaks when I think of his suffering.  The sadness and sorrow of the situation at times seem too much for me to bear.

During these times, I remind myself that God is greater than my son’s mental illness, my family’s grief, and my own helplessness and pain.  I am able to get up, go to work, and live with the situation another day.  I know that whatever the future holds, God’s love and grace are greater than any human trial.  I am able to look for today’s blessings waiting for me from a God who loves my family, my son, and me.


I find interruptions to my daily routine frustrating, especially when I’m on a tight schedule.  This morning I was interrupted on several occasions.  At the grocery store I encountered a clerk who was abrupt and somewhat rude.  I asked how he was doing, and a story of anger toward a family member came tumbling out.  Later I sought out a co-worker for advice.  After answering my question, she tearfully told me of the recent death of her mother.  At lunchtime a group of students asked if they could eat in my classroom.  They had been teased, and they feared the bullying would continue in the cafeteria.

But were these really interruptions?  Or was I simply where God wanted me to be?  Often we rush through our busy days with blinders on, oblivious to the needs of others.  Jesus commanded us to love those we meet each day.  It takes little time to love our neighbor by listening, being compassionate, or offering sanctuary.  The grocery clerk is my neighbor, and as I left he was smiling.  My co-worker is my neighbor, and she thanked me for allowing her to express her grief.  My students are my neighbors, and they left their lunch break happy and more confident.

If we look at our days for opportunities to spread Christ’s love to all we meet, we’ll often find ourselves exactly where God intends us to be.


This morning I called my office to inform them that I would not be at work again today.  This has happened all too frequently for more than 30 years because of chronic back pain.  At times my condition fills me with anger, anxiety, and hopelessness.

Today, to take my mind off the pain, I am reading a book about homeless orphans in Kenya.  They have almost no food, clothing, or shelter.  But their greatest pain is having no one to love them, protect them, and care about them.  Missionaries are able to connect with some of these young people and provide for their physical needs while they share the love of Jesus with them.

The situation of these orphans makes my physical pain seem insignificant.  I have abundant shelter, food, and clothing.  I have the love of family and friends.  Best of all, I have the privilege of knowing Christ as my savior.  This gives me a reason to rejoice and gives me peace that passes all understanding.  (See Phil. 4:7).  I want to help share that joy and peace with those who need it.


During the children’s segment of the worship service, the pastor placed a cellophane fish in the palm of his hand.  After a few seconds he ordered the fish to jump.  And it did, much to the amazement of children and adults alike.  Later the pastor explained that the warmth generated by his hand caused the cellophane fish nestled within it to curve slightly, then “jump” at the precise moment he gave the command.

Even though the pastor explained it, my four-year-old daughter commented later, “Did you see what the pastor did?  He told the little fish to jump, and the fish obeyed him!”  We explained again what had happened and how.  “But the fish did obey the pastor and jump when he told it to,” she answered.  Further explanation was futile.  What she had witnessed spoke louder than any explanation we could offer.

We see the same dynamic as we talk about the kingdom of God and God’s love.  No matter how eloquent our words, hearers will not be convinced when our actions speak a different message. Only when God lives in our hearts and God’s love is reflected in our actions will others listen to the message we proclaim.


A few months ago I planted a garden, eagerly anticipating the time when I would sit at the table and enjoy the taste of fresh, homegrown vegetables.  The hard work of preparing the soil, sowing the seeds, watering, and weeding just heightened the anticipation.  This reminds me of the work that God does to prepare us for harvest.  God enriches the soil of our hearts by sending people into our lives to prepare the way for us to come to know Jesus Christ and commit to following him.

Of course, in my garden I might pull up a certain plant because it was not doing as well as the others.  At other times I destroy some plants because I am too careless while weeding.  I am so glad that the Lord is not like me!  In great love, God tends our souls and gives us what we need.

Today I reaped some of the produce of my garden.  Thinking of the savory dish I will soon enjoy from my garden’s produce makes me thankful that I did not give up when the days were hot and the weeds seemed out of control.  The work I put into my garden makes me appreciate all that God does for us.  God will never give up on tending our souls.


Many years ago, I wrote a meditation for The Upper Room on the issue of conflict.  Several months later, the editor e-mailed me.  She had liked my theme but didn’t think the scripture text I had selected was appropriate.  She suggested I attempt a rewrite.  After some thought, I selected Psalm 4:4, “In your anger do not sin; when you are on your beds, search your hearts and be silent” (NIV).

Just hours later, someone let me down.  Even as anger began to boil within me, the words I had meditated on that morning sprang to mind.  I also remembered the “Thought for the Day” I had penned: “Before you speak, let the word speak to you.”  By heeding the command and counsel of Psalm 4:4, I was able to deal with my anger without attacking the other person.

Afterwards, I praised God for bringing together that request for a rewrite and the psalmist’s words from Psalm 4.  Against the background of God’s leading, I was able to meditate on that verse and apply its truth as I faced that day’s events.  Incidentally, I never saw that particular meditation in print; but the lesson God taught me that morning is etched on my heart.


Several months ago, I was playing a card game with my nephew.  While we played the game, I remembered how he had been wrongly accused of doing something at school, and I reminded him of it.  From my point of view, my nephew had a right to be angry at being treated unjustly.  But he wasn’t angry at all, and his forgiveness was quick.  “It’s okay, they make mistakes.”

Sometimes our pain goes a lot deeper than being falsely accused, and sometimes forgiveness can feel impossible.  But God never gives us a command without giving us grace and strength to obey it.

My nephew’s example encourages me to be as forgiving as he is.  With God’s grace and strength, I can forgive others as Christ has forgiven me.


I grew up without a healthy self-image.  As a result, I competed in everything, trying to prove myself worthy while believing that most people had many more talents and gifts than I.  When a major crisis came into my life, I didn’t think I could endure those thoughts anymore.  At that point, I thought of suicide.  Then, through the power of the Holy Spirit, I found healing in my heart.  I felt new.

After being drawn to God’s holy word, the Bible, I read the above scripture many times without realizing its deeper meaning.  But as I studied the verse with others and surrendered to what God wanted to me to hear, I became whole, realizing that my worth comes not from what I do but from how I was created.

Nothing I can say, do, or accomplish compares to knowing that I am created in God’s image.  Life with its ups and downs will try to strip this assurance from us.  But every time we read the above verse, we can remember how valuable we are and how much God loves us.


When I was growing up, the highlight of our week was Friday when Mother bought six sweet buns from the bakery, one for each member of the family.  It was the best of weekend treats!  As I stepped into the shop with her, I always read the Bible quotation that was framed outside the door — Romans 5:8: “God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us” (NIV).  Even though I was quite young, the words impressed me and I remembered them long after we moved away.

Some years later, I met a friend who was a “memory verse” enthusiast.  As I rode on the back of her motor scooter, she would call out the first half of a verse and wait for me to complete it.  Now I’ve memorized quite a number of verses, and I like to recall them as I fall asleep or when I wake in the morning.  Sometimes they come to mind when I’m waiting in line or enjoying a walk.  They are also a great help when I need the right words to complete a letter or card.  More than once I’ve found myself saying, “Thank you, Lord, that I can use your words for the end of this note.  They’re so much better than mine!”

And there are many more verses yet to discover and memorize.  I’ll never come to the end of them all, nor can anyone ever take them away from me.  The psalmist put it well: The words of God are “sweeter than the purest honey” (Ps. 19:10, TEV).


I’ll never forget my first real job — the excitement of responsibility, the energy of new colleagues, the first paycheck with so much promise.  As long as the money kept coming in, the job felt more like play than work.  I was happier than I’d been in a long time.  But it wasn’t long until that excitement, energy, and promise gave way to the world of family, bills, and those unexpected circumstances that keep us awake all night.

The moment I felt confident enough to buy something “for me,” small disasters struck — a fender bender or unexpected medical bills.  Soon I began to feel as if bad things would always happen at the exact time my money started making me comfortable and happy.  It’s easy to take pride in financial gain.  Pride can lead to arrogance, and having money can make us feel as if we have no need for God.

Certainly we are called to give thanks for what we have, but all of it is only mist.  The sobering question from James always remains: “What is your life?”  While that thought may be daunting, we are comforted with the thought that God is much greater than, and gives more comfort than, any amount of money or possessions.


When we answered the telephone, we were excited to hear our four-year-old grandson’s voice.  After telling us about preschool, he said, “I need to ask you a question:  Why didn’t God help Joseph’s brothers when they were hungry?”  We had talked about Joseph when our grandson was in vacation Bible school.  Our grandson remembered that Joseph’s brothers had taken Joseph’s coat without his permission and had put him in a pit.

I said that God did help Joseph’s brothers by leading them to Joseph.  Since Joseph worked for the king, he was able to give them food and a place to live.  Also, I told him that God helped Joseph to forgive his brothers even though they were afraid that Joseph was still angry with them.

He seemed satisfied with my answer and gave his mom the phone.  She said they had discussed Joseph during chapel at my grandson’s preschool.  Regardless of his reasons for asking, I realized again the joy of being able to follow God’s word in Psalm 78:4: “We will tell the next generation about the Lord’s power and his great deeds and the wonderful things he has done.”


Every morning I practice a gentle exercise routine that helps my aging joints to keep working.  I have found music to fit in with my movements, which makes the practice even more enjoyable.  This morning, I realized that I was out of step with the music.  For a few moments I had lost my concentration, and the routine had gone all wrong.  I had to start over.

This reminded me of how I feel when other things go wrong and I feel out of step with what is happening.  My son’s cancer, my daughter’s marriage break-up, and my declining health have all happened quite suddenly and shaken my world.  I did not always choose the best ways of coping in these situations.  One way I responded — withdrawing from my normal activities and keeping my pain locked up inside me — did not help me regain my balance.

Thankfully, I now know that having a personal relationship with God, praying about my sorrows and pain, and putting my trust in God will carry me through the bad times.  God sets me back on track.  And when I keep in step with God, I can keep my balance even when events shake me.


The words quoted above follow Paul’s expression of concern that in his upcoming visit he would find the same problems he had already identified in his first letter to the church at Corinth.  The Corinthian believers had allowed certain teachings to divide them, making some factions believe themselves to be more holy and worthy than others.

This reminds me of a co-worker who attends a different church than I do.  I like him, and we work well together.  But when we talk about our beliefs, I always come away feeling that he views my faith and my church as second-rate Christianity.  He always implies that the worship and spiritual practices at my church are not good enough.  He ends every discussion by inviting me to his church.

Through the words of Paul the apostle, God calls me to discover how to speak truthfully to my colleague in ways he can hear, to build bridges rather than to carry resentment.  This scripture teaches us to live in peace with one another so the grace of Christ Jesus and the friendship of God will be with us and be seen in us.


My dad has always been able to cut through trivial issues to the heart of a matter.  Knowing how I love to backpack but concerned for my safety, he once asked, “Do you think a lightweight nylon tent will protect you from wild animals?”  I joked that it was rather like toddlers playing peek-a-boo, covering their eyes and declaring, “You can’t see me!”  But in fact a tent doesn’t offer real protection from animals, merely the illusion of safety.

Looking back, I realize that for many years I treated the Bible in much the same way, assuming that merely having one and occasionally reading it would guarantee my spiritual well-being.  However, the story of King David caused me to re-evaluate my attitude.  David professed his devotion to God, but his profession was severely compromised by his affair with Bathsheba.  When his sin was revealed, David realized that he had displeased God and so he repented (2 Sam. 11-12).

Simply carrying a Bible or saying that I love it offers only an illusion of spiritual security.  Real spiritual security comes from relationship with God, allowing the message of scripture to sink into our spirit to make us more like Christ.


I am amazed at how fans sometimes go to extremes to see their favorite celebrities.  When a popular celebrity stages a concert in Manila, people from the farthest provinces try diligently to get there.  When my favorite Christian band came to the Philippines for the first time, I saved money for tickets, reserved seats for my best friend and myself, and got my boss’ approval to leave early so I could attend the concert.

This experience reminded me of the 5,000 people who went out to see Jesus.  Imagine thousands of people from different places traveling on foot to see and hear the famous teacher.  The crowds who followed Jesus wanted to make sure they could see him and hear him teach personally.  But unlike many celebrities today, Jesus was never pretentious.  Perhaps he even looked like any common person of that period.  I wonder what it was about Jesus that made multitudes of people follow him.

Jesus said, “I am the light of the world” (John 8:12).  His wisdom and compassion attracted people wherever he went.  People wanted to know him more and to witness his works of mercy.  May we too follow Jesus, no matter where we are.  He is more than a prophet and a teacher; he is our Lord and savior who sacrificed himself for us.


At times I am sure of God’s presence; I feel God’s love, and I understand God’s will for me.  But in other, “desert” times I feel cold and distant, far from God’s light and guidance.  When I pray during those times, I feel as if I am speaking to the walls.

Still, every night I pray with my 13-year-old son.  My son is not so willing as he once was to pray aloud, but we give thanks for the persons and events for which we are most grateful each day.  It is a lovely way to close the day, welcome the night, and enter into rest.

One recent night, my life seemed to be spinning out of control.  I am a single parent.  I was unemployed, and I was even losing the battle with daily household chores.  All I could think to pray was, “Help!” My son was delighted; he thought “Help” was a wonderful prayer, simple and to the point.

So I prayed “Help” — for my mom in her fight with acute leukemia, for the family of a band director who suffered multiple strokes overnight and then died, and for my prayer partner who was recovering from her second knee surgery. God lifted each burden from my heart as I prayed one word: Help. By the time I had finished praying, I felt reconnected to God. Like the psalmist, I can say, “I call on the Lord in my distress, and he answers me” (120:1).


While the children of Israel wandered in the wilderness, manna fell from heaven to sustain them each day.  Once they entered the Promised Land, the manna ceased to fall and they became responsible for producing their own food.  As with the Hebrews, at times God supplies our needs without any effort on our part, and at these times recognizing and celebrating the grace of God is easy.

However, God is still at work even when we have to take on more personal responsibility.  I’ve seen both types of this grace in my career.  My first two jobs came to me with little effort on my part.  In seeking a third position, I had to interview at several places and suffered multiple rejections.  After starting the job, difficult circumstances made me start thinking that the job wasn’t a good match for me.  However, these difficult experiences built in me qualities of character, resilience, and confidence for which I came to thank God.  I saw God’s grace when it was easy to find work.  Then I saw God’s grace grow richer and fuller when the position came after initial disappointment and much effort.

As loving parents want to see their children mature and take on responsibility, so God wants us to grow in grace.  Effort required on our part does not mean that God’s love is diminished.  Being faithful through our work and our struggles shows gratitude for the grace of God.


For more than five years I have taken an elevator that has a burned-out floor-number light.  Each time I enter the elevator I press the third-floor button, expecting it to illuminate.  It doesn’t.  So I press the button again — this time harder.  Still it remains dark.  Glancing at the panel on the other side of the elevator, I see that the third-floor button is lit, confirming that the elevator will stop on the floor I want it to even though the button I pressed is dark.  I relax, confident that I am headed where I want to go because the light tells me so.

The working and non-working elevator lights remind me of two important aspects of my faith journey.  First, if I am to go forward with confidence to my desired destination, my path must be illumined with the Lord’s light to guide me in all situations.  When I stray from the light, I falter and my path is difficult to follow.  Second, I must take care that my light is shining every day.  If I profess to be a Christian but the light of Christ does not shine from me, how can others be drawn to Christ?

The elevator lights remind me to complete a personal “light check.” Am I walking in the Lord’s light, and am I projecting that light into the world?


“Daddy, I need you” woke me from a deep sleep.  I went to see what my daughter wanted.  A drink of water and some reassuring words allayed her fears, and she fell back to sleep.  I remained awake, struck by the simple word daddy. Daddy is a name that comes from a relationship and is not just a matter of information. Anyone can be a father, but to be called “Daddy” requires an investment of time and a true bond. A child who calls for her daddy knows that someone she can trust, someone who loves her, will respond.

When Jesus was facing crucifixion, he cried out to his daddy. Abba is Aramaic for “daddy.”  When Jesus was in the garden, praying to his Father, he said, “Abba, Father.”  He asked that the cup of death be taken from him, but continued, saying, “Yet not what I will, but what you will” (Mark 14:36, NIV).

When we commit to Christ, we become children of God. As we invest time in our relationship with God, we come to call out, “Abba, Daddy,” asking for help and knowing that God will respond with love.


This season is a time of conflicting emotions for me.  My husband died just two days after Christmas, and, even after many years, I clearly remember how I felt coming home from the hospital — seeing the red bows fluttering on our fence posts, the wreath brightening our door, the Christmas tree sparkling in our living room.  I remember thinking that all the color, all the festivity seemed almost obscene on this, the worst day of my life.  That afternoon I took everything down and packed it away.  I have never regained any interest in decorating for Christmas.

On the other hand, the true meaning of Christmas has become very precious to me.  It’s the day we celebrate the birth of Jesus, our Lord and Savior.  My relationship with Christ has become closer and more comforting as time has passed, and I have come to trust and cling to his promises:  “Come to me, all you that are weary and are carrying heavy burdens, and I will give you rest” (Matt. 11:28, NRSV).  “I will not leave you comfortless:  I will come to you” (John 14:18, KJV).

I don’t decorate my home with lights and garlands or a Christmas tree.  Folks who don’t know me may think I don’t celebrate Christmas, but I do.  Instead of gifts and feasting, I set aside that day to reflect on all that the birth of Jesus means to me.  I am not alone.  I will never be alone.  That is the precious gift of Christmas.


For many years I was a Boy Scout leader.  I enjoyed teaching young boys about the outdoors, about living in and moving through forests and woodlands.  Having the right equipment and knowing how to use it can mean the difference between sleeping in a warm tent and shivering all night in cold, wet bedding.  I’ve done both, and believe me, it is much nicer to be warm and dry.

Sometimes the boys and I would drive to one area to camp and then hike to our final campsite.  Invariably, someone would leave something important back in the cars.  And almost always it wasn’t until dark that the forgotten article was missed or needed.

Recovering the needed article always involved a trip back to the parking area . . . in the dark.  So out came the flashlight.  After a number of those treks in the dark, I realized that God’s word is something like that flashlight of mine.  God promised a light for my path — just enough light to help me take the next few steps to where I am going.  I need to know that God leads me.  I need to trust God.  I need to remember that God’s grace is sufficient for all my days.

Today and every day, in the words of scripture God gives “a lamp for my feet, a light on my path.”


One Christmas when my children were young and I was a single parent attending college, an anonymous donor or donors provided Christmas gifts for my family.  Among the gifts was a snowsuit for my three-year-old son, who loved to play in the snow.  I remember the first time he came inside after playing in his new snowsuit.  As I took off the coat, I could feel the warmth of his body still in the fibers of the coat.  I realized that he had never before been so warm while playing out in the snow.  Tears came to my eyes as I gave thanks to God for the generosity of those strangers who provided for my little boy.

Now I am in a position to help others who may be struggling to be warm or to eat or to go to school.  While Jesus told us not to worry about what we will eat or what we will wear, I know from personal experience that it is easier not to worry when someone comes along to help us in our struggles.  By God’s guidance and with God’s help, we can help others to live with fewer worries.  We can show them by our acts of love and care that God’s love is the answer to our worry or fear.


Forgiving is hard.  In the past when I read the passage above, I would identify immediately with those who had been wronged.  I thought Jesus had validated my feelings of being wronged and given me a model that would allow me to extract the confession and apology I deserved.

However, with time, experience, Bible study, support from Christian friends, and the help of the Holy Spirit I have gained a new perspective.  The reading above from Matthew 18 isn’t about my wrongs being validated or my hurts being righted.  It is a model for moving beyond ourselves and extending Christian love to those who may have lost their way.

But even with this new perspective, I still struggle with forgiveness and the responsibility I have as a Christian: forgive another or confess my own failures, be accountable or hold others accountable.  As time passes, I’m getting better at recognizing which I need to do.  When we focus on God and not solely on our feelings, we can respond to others with Christian love.  When we look to the Holy Spirit for guidance and direction, we can reflect Christ to others.


Every morning on my way into the city I drive past a corner shop situated in a busy part of the city and above its busiest section.  Usually before 8:00 a.m., the owner of the business stands outside on the pavement, exchanging cheerful greetings with passersby.  Many of these are pupils on their way up to a primary school located on the slopes of the mountain just above the center of the city of Cape Town, South Africa.

On one particular morning, I witnessed the shop owner helping two young ones cross the street.  The children laughed as he playfully pretended to give them a gentle push to help them on their way.  This act of kindness and care reminded me of a shepherd keeping a watchful eye on his sheep.

In this season of Advent, we remember that God is always with us — watching over us, guiding us, giving us a sense of security, just as the shop owner on the corner brings a sense of assurance to those school children each day.  Especially at this time of year, we yearn for God’s guiding Spirit to give us open hearts and minds to change whatever in our lives needs changing.  Advent reminds us that God is always with us, helping us to become more like Christ.


Advent presents a stark contrast between the lust for power and greed and the call to faith.  I feel we are bombarded by media accounts of a seemingly never-ending stream of corruption and lies.  Sometimes I wonder if there is any integrity or anyone I can trust left in the world.  The message of Advent seems like a straw in the wind.

But the stories of Jesus’ birth remind me that the days of Herod were no different from today.  What chance did Joseph and Mary have against the cruelty of Herod, the powerful ruler appointed by the Roman Empire?  The odds were stacked against two ordinary people with no connections, from a nowhere town.  To make matters worse, the Magi tipped off Herod, telling him about the coming of a king.  But still God’s will was accomplished.

God chooses weakness to demonstrate divine power.  The Lord spoke to Paul, saying, “My grace is sufficient for you, for power is made perfect in weakness.”   The eternal symbol of this principle is the Christ Child born into a dangerous and threatening world.  Jesus showed us that what looks like weakness can be used by God.


As a teacher, I have observed that not all students are good in academics.  Instead, they may be good in sports, art, cooking, or repairing things.  God has given each of us at least one talent.  Therefore, we don’t have to be discouraged.  By focusing on what we can do, we can serve God in at least one area and enjoy it.

Reflecting on this, I thought of the peacock.  It has a squawky voice, but it also has a colorful tail to display.  On the other hand, the nightingale has dull and unattractive feathers but can sing beautifully.  Similarly, we are a mixture of traits.  We can focus on what we can do instead of comparing our weakness with someone else’s strength.  If we lack confidence, we can always remind ourselves of the affirmation in Philippians 4:13: “I can do all things through [Christ] who strengthens me.”

Each of us can use our talent to glorify God.


We spent our Thanksgiving holiday at the house where my wife and I will retire some day.  Other than playing with the grandchildren, there’s nothing better than watching the sun rise over the lake.  It’s absolutely spectacular.  But I can easily miss it by being busy reading or simply sleeping in.  The sun will rise; I cannot cause it or control it.  But I choose whether I will be awake to experience it.  The Christmas story is as simple — and as difficult — as that.

The Christmas gospel is the shocking, unbelievable, radical story of the way God comes to be with us in Jesus Christ.  Humans didn’t think this up.  We would never have gone searching for a God who would do something like this.  We can no more “find God” than we can cause the sun to rise.  God comes to find us.  The Incarnation is the intrusive story of the God who comes to us like dawn breaking into the darkness of our world, in order to lead our feet into the ways of peace.  We can, however, miss the dawn if we aren’t awake to see it.

In Christ, God comes to be with us.  We can’t cause or control it.  But we can miss the whole thing unless we practice the spiritual disciplines — such as prayer, Bible study, and worship — that enable us to be awake to experience it.  The purpose of Advent is to prepare us to be awake when the dawn comes.


Clearing out my father’s house after his death was a daunting and depressing task.  Packing up my father’s personal possessions felt like removing tangible evidence of his existence.  I hugged his clothes and caressed his books before donating them to non-profit organizations.  Then I opened a closet and saw shelves filled with personal-care items.

I stared at unopened boxes of soap, bottles of shampoo, conditioner, mouthwash, packages of razors, and tubes of toothpaste, wondering what to do with them.  Then I recalled reading an article in the newspaper about a homeless shelter with an ongoing need for these items, so I contacted the shelter.

That phone call inspired a ministry.  I enlisted people in my church to help supply these items.  On what would have been my father’s 78th birthday, we made the first delivery.  The generosity of our church members overwhelmed me as boxes of personal-care items were carried into the shelter.  God used my grief to spur ministry to those in need; God used my pain to propel me toward a purpose I never would have imagined.

Helping those with needs far greater than my own brought me comfort and healing.  I smiled, feeling my sorrow subside when homeless recipients thanked me for the gifts.  God taught me that sowing in tears can bring a harvest of joy.


My husband had set the table beautifully for a family Advent dinner.  The lights were low; music was playing softly, and the Advent wreath the children had made decorated the center of the table.

Not everyone cooperated, however.  I let the rice burn in the pan.  Our son was more interested in his train than our celebration.  Our daughter, tired after not sleeping well, cried through most of the meal.  As if ridiculing the whole event, both children tried to blow out the Advent candle as though it were on a birthday cake.  Our family dinner wasn’t the meaningful celebration I had imagined it would be.

Did we allow all this to dampen our spirits?  No.  Many of the activities we plan for our family don’t turn out as we hope or expect, but they can still be important times we spend together.  Our lives don’t always go according to plan.  (After all, Mary probably didn’t intend to have her first child in a stable filled with farm animals.)  But we can focus on the love we share and celebrate the time we have together.  The presence of God and those we care about can make any event special.


Some days I wake up praying and go to sleep praying. Other days I think, I don’t really have anything to pray about today. Then all it takes is a few moments of reflection for me to realize that whether everything is moving along smoothly or falling apart in my grasp, there is always something to pray about.

Days that flow nicely are a great time to be thankful and to pray for others who are suffering.  I can ask God what I can do this day to help a friend or neighbor.  Maybe it is my turn to be the answer to someone else’s prayer.  We pray readily when life seems to be falling apart and we feel unable to change our situation.  But our prayers can change our circumstances. God still answers prayers, every day.

Whether I need an answer to my prayers or I can be the answer to someone else’s prayers, I need to pray.  Prayer changes everything!


In mid-December, a couple came into the gift shop where I work.  As I helped them, I also commented on the woman’s beautiful coat.  After we chatted a few moments, the couple continued to browse.  Soon the man approached me with his wife’s coat and asked me to try it on.  When I told him I couldn’t do that, he announced, “This is for you!  Merry Christmas!”  He thrust it at me; and the couple made a quick getaway, before I could find out their names or even thank them.

This experience with extravagant generosity caused me to reflect on God’s gift of salvation.  The coat was a gift.  I had done nothing to deserve it.  God gives us the greatest gift, salvation through Jesus Christ, which cannot be earned.  Also, I realized that in a way similar to how I removed my old coat to put on the new, we take off our old sinful nature to have it replaced with the nature of Christ.

I realized anew that because of Christ, I can go out into life’s storms with confidence, just as I can go out into the winter weather, knowing that my new coat will keep me warm.


Sometimes life seems completely wrong.  A situation we find ourselves in, the turn a job has taken, even relationships with people we thought we knew and loved go wrong.  Why is this happening?  What did we do to deserve this?

Joseph must have wondered the same thing.  He had been awaiting his marriage to Mary, and now he found himself betrayed by his fiancée.  But Joseph was a man of grace and decided to quietly divorce Mary.  We do not know how long Joseph wrestled with this decision or how long he searched for the best way to handle the situation.  Probably Mary had thought saying yes to God would be a blessing, and probably Joseph had dreamed of a very different future.  Then God’s role in all this was revealed to Joseph through a heavenly messenger.  How different the story might have been if Joseph had refused to hear the truth!

Romans 8:28 promises us that all things work for good for those who love God.  Often it does not seem that way.  Nursing an old injury may keep us from accepting the truth.  This Advent season is the perfect time to release these old hurts and accept the gifts of love and grace, peace and mercy that await us when we receive the miracle of God’s greatest gift.


Some of the Christmas story’s significant people are anonymous.  Consider the shepherds who were tending their sheep on the night Jesus was born.  They unexpectedly became part of history’s greatest event, the birth of God’s son.  Even though the shepherds were unprepared, they became willing participants.  After the angel announced the marvelous birth, the shepherds decided to go and see for themselves.  At the manger, they repeated the good news the angel had proclaimed.  Then, as they returned to their sheep, they glorified and praised God for all they had heard and seen.

These shepherds can serve as models for people of faith today.  God continues to come to us in unexpected ways and at unexpected times.  Our most faithful response is to listen to God and then to share with others what God says to us.  We can also emulate the shepherds by glorifying and praising God.  Who knows?  We might become anonymous but significant participants in history.


Gift-giving is a major part of our celebration of the Christmas season.  Gifts come in various forms: some in beautifully decorated packages, some in well-meaning words, others in kind deeds.  Gifts symbolize the giver’s love and appreciation for the receiver.  Gifts can bring joy as well as wonder.

The gift Sarah received so surprised her that she laughed in disbelief.  God gave her a gift in the news that she would become a mother.  This gift fulfilled God’s promise to her husband, Abraham, concerning his lineage.  And many generations later, Abraham’s descendants would receive the gift of God’s son, Jesus Christ, through a young woman named Mary.  Like Sarah, Mary was surprised at her news from God.  Sarah laughed, and Mary pondered.  (See Luke 1:26-29.)  Mary’s gift was to be the mother of God’s everlasting gift to the world.

During the Christmas season, we are reminded of God’s gift to us, Emmanuel, which means “God with us.”  Jesus is a reminder of God’s enduring love for us.  We receive this gift with joy, knowing that God wrapped it with love and sealed it with grace.


I was not raised in a church-going home.  My real relationship with Christ began in 1972 when a few of my “Jesus-freak” college classmates gently persuaded me that Christ ought to take a central position in my life.  Still, distractions cause me to struggle with living this precept.  What sustains me is clinging to Christ through using resources like The Upper Room.  Through what I read here, I have become convinced that our “clinging” will bring us opportunities to serve and to feel the satisfaction of our relationship with Christ.

One such opportunity for me came in 1980 as I was bidding good-bye to my father, who was dying from Lou Gehrig’s disease.  I wanted to offer him God’s peace.  I read to him Romans 8:35-39.  Within a month, he was gone; but before he died, my mother wrote me a letter that brought me peace as well.  She told me that Dad had been comforted by the words from Romans that I had read to him.  He was also glad that I had come to know Christ on my own.  But it wasn’t really on my own; it was all because of awareness and desire to cling to Christ that were planted in me by the loving actions of others who cared for me.


One Christmas when my son, Steve, was about eight years old, he came home from Sunday school with a present from his teacher.  “I got a gift with my name on it,” he announced proudly.  I was puzzled.  I knew that all the children had received similar gifts.  Why was it so important to him that the gift had his name on it?  He explained that the teacher had chosen this particular version of the gift with him in mind.  As he had looked around the room, he knew that Mrs. L. had chosen the gift that was the best one for him.  He felt special.

God offers me gifts at Christmas, the gifts of redemption, forgiveness, and a restored relationship with the Creator through God’s Son, Jesus.  God offers the same gift to everyone, but my salvation is unique to who I am.  It is more than a generic gift with a tag that says, “To: Anyone.”  It has my name on it.  My relationship with God is unique to who I am with my personality, gifts, and abilities.  God sees me, and each one of us, as an individual who is special and worth loving.  What an amazing gift!


I spent two years buying furnishings for the home that would give me independence from my parents.  God blessed me with a house for my husband, my child, and me.  We had been living there for only three weeks when my husband asked for a divorce.  We hired an attorney to help us divide our few belongings, which included a car I used as a part of my work.  I saw my meager financial resources slipping through my fingers and my one major asset taken from me.  I felt as if I were drowning.

I had to return to my parents’ house.  I was desperate when I arrived there.  In agony, I picked up the Bible and randomly leafed through the pages.  I read Matthew 5:41.  Then, feeling that this was what God wanted me to do in the situation with my husband, I cried until I was exhausted.

The following day, instead of complaining about losing my possessions, I told my ex-husband, “Take everything.  It is my gift to you.”  Detaching myself from my possessions liberated me from suffering and injustice.  I felt at peace.  A month after that episode, my ex-husband abandoned his desire for vengeance and returned everything I had given him.

I shall never forget what God did for me.  Many years have passed, but I still live by this practice of detaching myself from possessions.  It continues to set me free.


My six-year-old and I were saying the Lord’s Prayer.  Her careful articulation of the words and her sincerity struck me.  I have recited the prayer for years, sometimes with little thought, but that night I saw its meaning in a new way.

Over Christmas, we will be moving across the country.  You might think that “Give us today our daily bread” would have spoken to me that night.  But as we prayed “Hallowed be your name” (Matt. 6:9), I knew that God wanted to be the Lord over all aspects of my life, not just my job or my home.  My tendency to worry, my striving to make all things right, our plans for the move, the way we rear our children, my friendships, my care for those in need — all of these are God’s.

Praying the Lord’s Prayer made me realize that no matter how crazy our lives or circumstances seem, we can depend solely on God in everything — our joy and all our messy pain.  As we move away from what has been home, remembering that we can depend on God is a comforting thought.


While working a crossword puzzle from the newspaper, I saw that many answers were Christmas greetings heard in cities around the world.  I knew the holiday wishes for Manchester (Merry Christmas) and Madrid (Feliz Navidad), but I had to look up the greetings for Oslo (Gledelig Jul), Oahu (Mele Kalikimaka), Paris (Joyeux Noël), Rome (Buon Natale), and Seoul (Chook Sung Tan).

The very first Christmas greeting came from an angel: “Do not be afraid.  I bring you good news that will cause great joy for all the people.  Today in the town of David a Savior has been born to you; he is the Messiah, the Lord” (Luke 2:10-11).  The angel shared this news with some shepherds.  Initially these night-shift workers were terrified but eventually calmed down.  They went to Bethlehem, found the baby and his parents, and went back to work “glorifying and praising God” (Luke 2:20).

As the holiday greetings in the crossword puzzle show, the angel’s message has gone around the world.  We join with countless believers throughout the world in rejoicing, as did the shepherds, over the good news of God’s coming to us.


When I was a child, my Sunday school teacher gave us stickers for every achievement and candy to everyone who memorized a Bible verse correctly.  I began to memorize as many verses as I could each week so I could get extra sweets.  I ended up knowing hundreds of verses!

During my teenage years, I became a youth leader in a rural area.  Most of the young people there didn’t own a Bible, and my knowledge of Bible verses became a big asset to my work with the youth.

Now when I look back on those times, I thank God for my Sunday school teacher who encouraged us to learn the Bible.  While my memorizing Bible verses began only because I loved candy, that habit matured into meaningful study of the scripture — so that from age 16, I have been able to enrich my life and the lives of others.  Now, as a parent, I share my experiences with my children and encourage them in our daily prayer time to learn — yes, even memorize — God’s word.


A few days before Christmas, I had an emotional visit with the family of a patient who was near death.  My shift as chaplain was over, but for some reason, I decided to walk back through the emergency unit.  I noticed Jennie sitting on her bed, crying, in great pain.  She was in her twenties, and after years of alcohol abuse she had taken her last drink the day before.  She had given up.  “I have ruined my life; my family hates me; I have no reason to live. Oh God!” she said.

I held Jennie’s hand and said to her, “Your decision to quit was very difficult and courageous.  God loves you and sees you as a person of high value, with unique and special gifts.”  I continued, “I struggled with alcohol, too.  I have sat where you sit now.  Years from now, you will be able to assure someone else, ‘With God’s help, you can get through this pain.  I did.’ ”  Peace soon came over Jennie’s face, and she lay down to rest.

Through the Holy Spirit, God became flesh at Christmas.  And God becomes flesh again in us whenever we share with others the comfort we have received from our Creator.


For years my husband and I have celebrated Advent by lighting the candles of an Advent wreath and using the litanies that appear in The Upper Room magazine.  Each Sunday, we wait for our sons or our grandchildren to stop by so we can include them in our worship time.  Our grandchildren delight in lighting the candles.  The questions in the litany cause us to pause and reflect.  And as we talk, we learn more about one another and our faith.

This year, early on Christmas Eve we lit the four advent candles of hope, peace, joy, and love.  Then, after lighting the Christ candle, we left them burning.  That evening, I found my eyes continually drawn to the wreath while our home filled with laughter and music, excited children, and adults telling old memories and stories.

Late into the night, I was seated nearby, watching as the candles began to burn out.  The candle of hope burned out first, followed by the candles of peace, joy, and love.  Yet the Christ candle burned on.  And I realized once again that when all seems lost, I need only Christ to show me the way.


As my wife and I walked from the church with our four-year-old son, we saw a heavily bearded man approaching us.  I had seen the man before and was familiar with his fast-paced gait but had not noticed him more than to exchange occasional greetings.

Upon seeing the man, my son shouted, “Daddy, see Jesus coming right in front of us!”  Apparently, my son’s image of Jesus came from the children’s Bible storybooks and movies that depict Jesus as a heavily bearded, light-skinned man.  As I chuckled, I remembered the shepherds who were watching over their flocks on the night Christ was born and how startled and frightened they had been.  Reflecting on this, I admired my son’s excitement at seeing and meeting “Jesus” that day.

As we approach this Christmas, my son’s exclamation reminds me to look for Jesus.  When we focus on Christ instead of allowing ourselves to be distracted by the many interruptions we encounter every day, we are able to spread the word about his birth and saving grace for all people!


For some time now I have been helping an extremely poor family to survive.  Sometimes I give this mother and her three children money; other times I take them clothes or other items they need.  One day, the mother asked me for some more money.  I told her I was not able to offer her any right then.  A few days later I bought a tool that I had needed for a long time.  At first I was excited about my purchase, but soon I thought of that mother and her children.  The money I had spent for the tool could have bought their food for several days.

As I continued to think about what I had done, I found myself conflicted.  On one hand, I blamed myself for not having given the mother money.  On the other hand, I excused myself by saying, “I need this tool; it’s an investment to help me earn even more money, to help even more people.”  That sounded good, but I had no peace in my heart.  The tool wasn’t the right investment.  The tool was something that would, in time, rust and become useless.  But Jesus told us that the treasures we store up in heaven will never rust; they will last forever.

I vowed to be careful about my investments — about where I use my material and spiritual resources.


Every spring my husband and I plant colorful flowers in four large pots, and my husband dutifully tends to the lawn by planting fill-in seed, watering, and fertilizing.  At first we can barely see the plants above the rims of the pots, but in a few weeks they begin to rise from the dirt as if some magnet were pulling them upward.  The grass turns a lush green, bringing the weekly chore of mowing.  Every morning we have coffee on our patio.  My eyes never tire of the luminous array of colors.  Then, as if someone pulled the plug, the beautiful flowers begin to fade.  The blooms fall off, leaving only ugly stems.  The once-luxurious green lawn turns a dingy brown; and seemingly overnight, all the colors are gone.  Winter has arrived.

Almost everything wears out, grows old, or fades.  However, one thing that is always new and reliable is the word of God.  For thousands of years, the Bible has continued to offer the message of salvation, to bring comfort to the weary, and to show us the right path to walk.  It never withers, fades, or grows obsolete.  It remains as fresh and lovely as those first blooms of spring.


My son has some light reflectors fastened to his school bag.  The reason for the reflectors is not fashion but safety.  When an automobile’s headlights shine on the bag, the reflectors tell the driver that a pedestrian is ahead.  In every school there are posters that advertise this safety practice: “Be noticed.”  “Shine, so you can be safe.”

Seeing these reflectors reminded me of when I repented of my sins more than 10 years ago.  The Holy Spirit marked me with a seal, and in the light of God’s divine love I began to shine.  I am an ordinary person, but when I reflect God’s divine light I can shine even in the bustle of everyday life.  Reflecting God’s light can disperse the darkness around me.  When faced with despair, I can be joyful.  When anxiety surrounds me, I can be calm.  Where there is evil, I can embody love.  Where there is indifference, I can be engaged.

All of this is possible when we are in Christ and he lives in us.  Jesus said in Matthew 5:14, “You are the light of the world.”  Let us reflect Christ’s light every day!


In the days before my mother’s bypass surgery, she asked me many times to pray for her.  I prayed silent prayers asking God to heal her, but I could never pray aloud as I knew she wanted me to.

The day came for Mom’s surgery.  As the hospital worker began pushing my mother’s bed out of the hospital room door, Mom asked the woman to pray for her.  The hospital worker stopped pushing the bed, shut the door, and immediately began praying for my mother.  Her prayer was powerful and dynamic.

God wants us to pray for one another.  Our prayers can be silent or spoken.  They can be eloquent or simple.  We speak from our hearts to God, who hears even the silent cries of our soul.


On my morning walks I often pass an urban community garden.  City residents have divided vacant ground into small garden-sized plots.  Once these gardens were filled with flowers and vegetables.  But recently I walked by and saw no flowers, no color, seemingly no fruit.  Why?  We had early snow and ice last week.  It’s the season when gardens in our part of the world lie fallow.  But come spring, avid gardeners will once again see fruit in their garden plots.

Like that garden, we have seasons of color and obvious fruitfulness and also fallow times when we don’t grow as much.  Sometimes a fallow time comes after an icy experience.  Maybe we’ve suffered adversity or a loss.  Maybe we don’t feel useful anymore.  The wise writer of Ecclesiastes tells us that “every matter under heaven” has its season.  Some of these are not happy times.  For example, there is “a time to mourn . . . a time to keep silence” (Eccl. 3:4, 7).  That sounds like a fallow season when we aren’t colorful and growing.  But because we know God, we live in trust that springtime and fruitfulness will come again.


A few minutes’ walk from my home is our state’s main prison.  The walls are high and solid.  I cannot see into the facility, nor can the inmates see beyond the walls.  The inmates have cells, beds with linen, reasonable meals, and a roof over their heads.  But what none of them has is freedom.  They cannot do what they like or go where they like, when they like.  They do what they’re told.  For some, this captivity will go on for years.

Jesus, who said he was truth, also said,  “The truth will make you free.”  Part of Jesus’ mission was to proclaim release to the captives (see Luke 4:18), but he was talking about more than those forcibly kept in prisons.  He surely was referring to those of us who are captive to addictions or to bitterness coming from hurt we suffered years ago or perhaps to damaging relationships within family, marriage, or between friends.

If we’re in captivity to those things or anything else, it doesn’t have to go on.  Christ wants to set us free — starting today.


I live in a village at one side of the beautiful River Clyde.  Since I was a child, I have been amazed by the narrowing of the river at low tide.  When the sandbanks and mudflats become a magnet for birds, it seems perfectly feasible that we should be able to walk or swim across to the other side.

However, this appearance is deceptive because the river has a deadly deep, narrow channel that allows ships to pass between Glasgow and the Lower Clyde.  Only the captains of those vessels know exactly where to steer in order to stay afloat, because of strategically placed buoys.

We can be taken in by appearances and activities that seem like a good idea but actually take us into danger.  Life is often as deceptive as that river.  We are easily deceived when we rely on our own judgment.  Only God can see the bigger picture and steer us in the safest direction.  The channel is marked out for us by the wisdom of the Bible.  The way becomes clear to us as we pray and walk daily with God.  How reassuring that God knows the way.  The question is: Are we willing to listen and to follow God’s guidance?


“Special” read the large sign taped to the side of a bus.  Students on a summer mission trip named the bus “Special” after the mission team purchased it for the church in La Paz, Honduras, where they had worked many summers.  As their chaperone I can assure you the bus is aptly named.  Special has a cracked windshield that cannot be repaired because a replacement is difficult, if not impossible to find in Honduras.  Sometimes Special develops other problems that have to be attended to.  Nevertheless, every week the bus winds up and down the dirt mountain roads to bring people to church who otherwise would not be able to attend.

But really, anything dedicated for use in serving God becomes special.  Today’s scripture reading from Zechariah speaks of the holiness of even the cups and cooking pots in the Temple.  Being used for God’s purposes made them holy. If cups and pots can be special to the Lord, then so can an old bus with a cracked windshield.

God’s people are a bit like that, too.  Living for God’s purposes makes us holy, and we are all special in our own ways.  God created each of us different, for a unique purpose.


From my second-floor apartment, I can see construction underway on an apartment complex across the street.  I had never seen a construction project in progress before, so I have watched carefully.

What drew my attention was that the dirt the construction workers were removing was muddy and unstable. Dry dirt was brought in from another location, and several layers were spread across the lot until the ground was firm. At that point the workers excavated, leaving an enormous hollow for the foundation of the building.

This was all part of creating a firm foundation. I thought, How many times do we disregard what God wants for each of us? How many times have we followed our own ideas without building on God’s teachings? The psalmist said, “Unless the Lord builds the house, those who build it labor in vain” (Ps. 127:1), and Jesus reminds us of that truth in today’s reading.

I want to build my life on that sure foundation.


While in Houston for my grandson’s radiation treatment for cancer, I took an early morning walk.  Hurrying to finish before the humid August air became unbearable, I noticed another person walking at a much faster clip.  I slowed to let him pass and offered a customary “Hi.” I don’t usually begin a conversation while exercising, but this particular morning I added, “How are you doing today?”  He turned to look without slowing his pace; and with an immense smile he answered with conviction, “I’m blessed.”

Continuing my walk, I pondered his words.  As a child of God with everlasting hope and forgiveness, I too am blessed.  Dealing with a difficult situation, such as a loved one’s cancer treatments, we’re apt to forget that we are indeed blessed.  We forget to trust God no matter our circumstances and to be thankful for doctors, nurses, caring friends, and families.  An unknown man reminded me that I am blessed and that my family is blessed.  I doubt I will ever meet him again in this life, but his confident words are etched deeply and echo repeatedly in my thoughts: I am blessed.


A few years ago, a group of my wife’s friends and I had a yard sale.  We sold clothing, appliances, and items that had been gathering dust in our storage cabinets.  By the end of the sale, we had collected more than one hundred dollars.  We donated the money to a friend who had met with an accident at work and was recovering in a hospital’s intensive care unit.

For Christians, doing such acts should not be remarkable.  Scripture gives special emphasis to Christians’ engaging in good deeds.  Much of the letter to Titus is devoted to instructions on godly living, urging believers to be ready, to be an example, and to be zealous in doing good deeds.  In fact, the letter mentions good works five times.  Only three chapters long, its final instruction is, “Let people learn to devote themselves to good works.”

How can we apply that scripture today?  Titus 3:14 tells us to meet pressing needs.  Does someone you know have an urgent need?  Perhaps a family member or friend needs financial assistance, or a co-worker is hurting and needs someone to listen.  Each of us can meet needs today and every day.


After deciding to learn to ride a motorcycle, I took a riding course offered at our nearby community college.  The instructors stressed the importance of focusing on the road ahead, scanning for potential hazards and planning how to deal with them.  We were instructed not to look immediately in front of the motorcycle or to the side but to look ahead, especially on curves so that we would not go down or leave the road.

The Bible gives us similar instruction.  Today’s reading is one example.  Initially Peter followed the practice my instructors suggested.  He knew where he wanted to be when he stepped out of the boat.  Peter was focused on Jesus.  However, the storm around him caused him to lose that focus, and he started to go down.  That’s when Jesus reached out to Peter and brought him to safety.

We too may have difficulty focusing on Jesus when we encounter problems and overwhelming situations.  Health problems, financial difficulties, or relationships that have gone awry can distract us as the wind and the waves affected Peter.  But when we remember to focus on where we want to be, with Christ, he will reach out to us and bring us safely back into his presence.


While studying our family’s genealogy, a distant cousin of mine discovered that some relatives on my mother’s side were from eastern Germany.  In the 1700s, these ancestors fled religious persecution in Germany to seek freedom in America.  Their German name, Christophel, means “Christ carrier,” and in one of his letters my cousin exclaimed, “We have a rich Christian heritage.”

But that is not unique.  “Surrounded by so great a cloud of witnesses” as Hebrews 12:1 says, all believers have a rich Christian heritage.  Each of us in our own way is meant to be a “Christ carrier.”  We all carry Christ because we bear his name and because God’s Spirit dwells in us.

In a much more visible way, we present Christ to the world through our words, attitudes, and actions, reflecting the Lord’s message to the world.  Our mission field may be as close as speaking to a neighbor across the fence, or it may be in some faraway country.  But we can all carry Christ’s name and message to those around us.


For generations we humans have been blaming Adam and Eve for our woes, ignoring the truth that we disobey God just as they did.  True, Adam and Eve ate from the forbidden tree, but the Bible doesn’t tell us they did further harm.

On our part, however, instead of carrying God’s love and mercy to other creatures, we kill, destroy, and endanger God’s loving garden without thinking about what we are doing.  We have turned God-given freedom into absolute power, using the world as if it is our own, not God’s world in which we live as stewards.

We do this in large and small ways.  For example, when my mother died, our family went to our ancestral town for 14 days of funeral celebrations, as is our custom.  To do this, my father left his home in the hands of a caretaker.  My father is responsible for a distant relative, a nine-year-old boy.  On our return, not one of my father’s 12 full-grown egg-laying chickens was to be found.  When asked, the caretaker said, “I used them to feed your nephew.”

Like the caretaker, we make excuses — in our case claiming that we can use up our natural resources because God wants us to live well.  But often behind our choices are greed and selfishness. Let us instead act out of a desire to be good stewards of God’s creation.


The first thought of many people when they have a serious illness is: What did I do wrong?  Why is God punishing me? I don’t know why this is so ingrained in us. But most of us have said it or wondered it at least once.

King David is no exception. However, God does not punish us by sending illness or calamity.  But this is what we often feel.  I and others from our church who visit in hospitals try to correct this false understanding whenever we encounter it.  After all, what kind of God would that be?  Not the kind of God we know through Jesus!  But since it’s such a common reaction, maybe we sometimes need to express the feeling so we can clear it away and move on to the truth of God’s unwavering love and care, the truth of God’s desire for good and health and wholeness for each of us.

David’s question, “How long?” is really a statement of faith. For while the duration of our struggle may be uncertain, the reality of God’s presence is never in doubt. As Psalm 6:4 says, God’s love for us is never in doubt; it is “steadfast.”


When I recently read the above passage of scripture, I was reminded of an incident that happened early in my marriage.  One of our relatives said something very negative about me, and I was deeply hurt.  When my husband came home that night, he vowed never to speak to this relative again.

Nevertheless, within a week we were able to visit them.  Although it was a little awkward at first, we soon forgot about the incident and later even helped them in a time of need.  At that time, I thought I was able to forgive and avoid holding a grudge because of my lighthearted nature.  And because I’m a Christian, I attributed that trait to God.

Over the years since then I have taken an active role in attending and leading Bible studies. Studying scripture has helped me to realize it was only because of God’s love “poured into our hearts” that I was able to forgive and love those who hurt me so much.  I know that even when we are hurt deeply and long for revenge, we can commit our feelings to God, who can turn our hurt into love.  With God’s love in us, we are able to love those who hurt us.


Last year marked the 10-year anniversary of the attack on the World Trade Center towers in New York City.  For me, one of the most poignant images displayed during the remembrances was the picture of emergency-room workers at Manhattan hospitals waiting for patients who never came.  The number of people treated was less than expected because many of the people who were trapped in the two buildings were simply turned into dust.

Even after horrible tragedies, our attention quickly turns back to the mundane — the squabbling of politicians, hostility among polarized groups, the petty pressures that obscure our deeper, larger, higher calling as people created by God.  But still I couldn’t forget that image of the waiting hospital workers.

Where do we go after loss, disappointment, tragedy?  God is always at work to create new life, abundant life, eternal life from the dust of our own and others’ lives.  What is the new work that God wants us to help bring out of the dust of others’ losses?  Each one of us “dusty” folks is called to become God’s agent working to bring fullness of life in a dusty, wounded world.


After many years of doubt and denial, I was determined to rediscover my faith.  But getting back into the habit of praying was the hardest part.  Then I noticed that in quiet moments during the day, the verse “Pray without ceasing” would pop into my head.  I felt confused and guilty.  If I can’t even remember to pray before I eat, I thought, how can I remember to pray all the time? 

One day while out picking blueberries, I realized that I was “talking” to God — not a formal prayer, but more talking to a friend about how thankful I was for the sweet berries.  I caught myself doing the same thing at other times such as when I was washing dishes or driving — simple conversations about what happened to be on my mind.

I am also taking more time to listen.  In these “conversations,” God’s “voice” comes through as feelings moving in my heart, or thoughts flowing through my mind.  Sometimes I hear God speak to me through words from a friend.  When this happens God is working through both of us and both benefit from God’s wisdom.

I still struggle, but the relationship I am developing with God by learning how to “pray without ceasing” sustains me.


The night was dark; clouds obscured the moon and stars.  I was on my tractor plowing the field before an approaching rainstorm made the soil too wet to till.  The area I still had to plow was shaped irregularly.  The tractor’s lights illuminated only a short space ahead of me and a narrow strip on each side.  I followed the perimeter of the field in ever-narrowing circles.  The tractor lights enabled me to follow my previous circuit, but soon I lost all sense of direction.  I had no idea which way I was going.

Then I looked up.  Three miles away, I could see the four red lights of a radio-broadcasting tower.  I knew that direction was south.  As long as I could keep those lights in mind, I would know where I was; I should never get lost.

Sometimes I become similarly disoriented in life.  I rush around, busily involved in making a living, raising a family, serving in my church and community, and countless other tasks.  These good and necessary parts of life can close us in so that we see only our small circle, as with me on my tractor.  Just as looking to the radio tower restored my sense of direction in the field, I can look to Christ Jesus to restore direction in my daily life.


The telephone call was a bombshell.  A somber voice informed me that cancer cells had invaded my bones.  After moments of frightened reflection, I thought to pray, remembering the words of Jesus, “Ask, and it will be given you” (Matt. 7:7).  As I wondered how to pray, the words “Abide in me as I abide in you” (John 15:4) also came to mind.

We do not have to plead with God.  We can always come into God’s presence with thanksgiving and hear God’s wonderful words of love, “Do not be afraid, for I am your God; I will strengthen you, I will help you” (Isa. 41:10).  God may not give exactly what we ask, but God will respond in love.  The mystery and greatness of God are beyond our comprehension.  Each day is God’s gift, with the best yet to come.

Whether we have one day or 10 years of life ahead with family and friends, God’s love will sustain us and bless us.  Working in us, God “is able to accomplish abundantly far more than all we can ask or imagine.”  I remind myself of this truth day by day.


From a young age I was apprehensive and restless, searching for something to fill a void within me and give meaning to my existence.  When I was 19 I traveled to England to study English and to continue my spiritual search in a faraway land, another environment, separated from my family. There I went to work and lived an independent life, continuing to seek answers to my questions.

One day I met a missionary family on the bus.  They invited me to their home for a meeting with other international students.  I accepted, thinking it would be a good opportunity to meet other people and practice my English.  I came to know this family as kind and full of peace, joy, and much love.  They read and taught the Bible.  I got closer to them because I wanted to know what they had that I didn’t.  I soon learned what it was and that it was what I had been searching for.  They had Jesus in their hearts.  I had only religion; what I wanted was relationship.

I thank God for bringing this family into my life.  Through them I found the reason for my existence.  I returned to Colombia with a new life of purpose, joyful that I had finally discovered a God who had been very close to me all along.


After I lost my job some years ago, I found a new position in another state, in the town where my mother-in-law lived. While my family prepared to relocate, I stayed with her.  Our family had not been attending church for several years, and I knew we needed to go back.  My mother-in-law taught an adult Sunday school class and assumed that I would go to church.  So I did.

 I attended a different class and joined in the discussions.  I enjoyed learning more about God’s word.  One day the teacher said the class had talked about it and, ”You are teaching next week.”  As I recited excuses why I couldn’t do it, she left the teacher’s guide on the table and walked out.  I picked it up and went home.

By Tuesday evening I was sure that I could not teach, and I told my mother-in-law.  She said,  “Okay, you take a few minutes now to tell that to God. And then next Sunday, tell the class.” Knowing neither of those was an option, I started to pray, asking God for guidance and help.

 All that week, the words from Isaiah 41:10 kept ringing in my head.  When Sunday came, I was ready to talk about what I felt God had shown me in relation to the day’s scripture.  I learned from this experience that God empowers us to do what God calls us to do.  And by the way, I’m now a lay leader in the church — and my family is back in church, too.


One day a woman entered my office with a copy of The Upper Room.  She was a migrant from a neighboring state and had come to our city to seek a new job.  Her family was in a financial crisis.  On top of this, two of her children had died in a freak accident at sea.  As her family was going through this loss, a friend had given her a copy of The Upper Room.

The Upper Room had served as a great source of blessing for her because she could relate to others who had suffered difficult times.  This devotional guide was the first thing she reached for every morning; it gave her the courage to face another day.

Her story touched me.  Many times I have postponed reading The Upper Room or the Bible because I was too busy.  This woman read The Upper Room with great devotion and came to share her experience with me because she had seen my picture on the back cover of the magazine.  I learned from her that though we may be comfortable in every other way, we still thirst for the love of Christ, just as the deer pants for water.


I was told that I would lie on my back during the cataract surgery and look into the bright light from the microscope being used in the operation to remove the cataract from my eye.  As I lay waiting for the surgery to begin, someone said, “Doctor Smith is in the room.”  A few seconds later, my surgery began.

It occurred to me later that I had not seen the man who restored my sight.  But I believed that he was in the room and ready to help restore my vision.

Like me on the day of my surgery, the blind man whose story is told in the ninth chapter of John’s Gospel did not see Jesus before he was healed.  Jesus sent him to the Pool of Siloam to wash the mud from his eyes.  Later when Jesus saw the man and asked, “Do you believe in the Son of Man?” the man gave an honest answer: “Who is he, sir?  Tell me so that I may believe in him.” Jesus said, “You have now seen him; in fact, he is the one speaking with you.”  Then the man said, “Lord, I believe.”

In many ways that are meaningful to us personally, Christ comes to each of us individually.  Even when we cannot see him clearly or do not know who he is, Christ reminds us that he is the Son of God, and that he has been with us all along.


As I read Psalm 146, I discovered that each line spoke to me.  I am now 62 years old, and I came to God three years ago.  My faith didn’t come suddenly, as some experience it.  But I made a commitment to a long-term Bible study course.  In the beginning of that course, all of it was quite boring for me; I forced myself to read and study the Bible.  I was close to quitting.  But God heard my knock and opened the door.  (See Matt. 7:7.)  Suddenly, I noticed that nature is wonderful and people can be amiable.  I began to ponder the basic values of life, and I yearned to study more.

Everything completely changed once I decided to try to live as a Christian.  I was no longer going back to my old life; I was walking on a familiar road towards home.  Outwardly my life was as it had been before, but inwardly it all felt totally new for me.

Today I am a second-year seminary student.  Moreover, I now realize how much time I have lost in my life.  Yes, I already have one higher-education degree from my youth that has helped me to come through my life.  But I have started thinking more about the spiritual aspect of life now.  I feel as if I have woken up from sleep.  Thanks be to God!


When I glanced out the window, I noticed our neighbor’s worker dumping a bag filled with leaves in front of our curb.  As he drove the mower back across the street to continue his work, I envisioned the problem those leaves could create.  Our neighborhood is filled with trees.  In the fall, the streets quickly fill with piles of raked leaves.  While the city routinely collects the leaves, in the fall they can collect only once a month instead of weekly.  There simply would not be room on our curb for both our leaves and the neighbor’s.

I decided to talk to the man and explain the problem.  He answered, “It’s a city street, and we can put them wherever we want.”  Though this may seem a small matter, I wondered at his lack of courtesy and consideration.

Paul told the believers in Corinth to seek the welfare of others (1 Cor. 10:24) saying, “‘All things are lawful,’ but not all things build up” (1 Cor. 10:23).

The worker’s words and attitude caused me to think about how we treat one another in daily situations.  Do we treat others with kindness?  Do we try to lift their burdens?  Do we honor God by the way we speak to them?


I recently developed a theory called “Intelligent Influence.”™ In the context of Christianity, this simply means that in order to live the life that God calls us to live, we have to consciously manage how we are influenced and how we influence others.  All of us have power to influence others.

Recently my 21-month-old daughter demonstrated her influence at dinner one night.  As we sat down to eat, Ashley grabbed our hands and bowed her head.  My wife and I were astonished that our daughter had carefully watched us pray before every meal and was influenced to do the same.

This simple act by a young child convinced me of the importance of being aware of the influence we all have.  Furthermore, as Christians we are called to allow God to guide our prayer life and every other part of our lives as well. We can also strive to demonstrate and be a positive Christian influence in the lives of others by attempting to do what God calls us to do, minute by minute, wherever we find ourselves.


On a summer afternoon our family went to the beach.  Our two small daughters were enjoying the sand and sea.  They played for quite a while, oblivious to the growing mass of people setting up beach umbrellas all around them.

When the girls decided to return to us, they could not tell exactly where they were.  But we were watching them.  They looked disoriented, momentarily paralyzed.  Their father quickly set out to get them.  They were never in danger and never out of our sight.

As children of God, we may frequently find ourselves feeling lost and disoriented.  In a sea of confusion, how good it is to know that God is vigilant and nearby!  God knows how we feel and what we are facing.  And God, our protector, loves us and watches over us.


One cold day as my husband and I were traveling, we stopped to refuel.  As we pulled into a gas station, a stranger approached us.  Cautiously, I lowered my car window.  Unsure as to how we could help, I asked the man what he needed.

As it turned out, my husband and I were able to provide not only physical food to a homeless man but also the spiritual food that comes in knowing Jesus Christ.  I became excited at the opportunity that stood before us, knowing that this was a divine appointment.  God trusted us to obey the Bible’s words about providing food to the hungry (Matt. 25:31-46) and entertaining strangers (Heb. 13:2).

This experience helped us remember that God gives to us so we can give to others.  We could easily have kept the food we had packed for ourselves.  But we discovered a need to be met, and we gave freely.

The scripture tells us that when we meet others’ needs, we are doing these things for the Lord.


For many years I thought I was a relatively good Christian.  I participated in several ministries and served others in my profession as a physician.  I was an elder in my church as well.  But one day the Holy Spirit reminded me of Jesus’ stern warning to some people who apparently did many good works: “I never knew you; go away from me” (Matt. 7:23).  Why would Jesus say this?

As I searched for an answer, the Holy Spirit reminded me that what matters most with God is not so much what we do as who we are.  Paul tells us that God has set us apart from the beginning “to be like his son” (Rom. 8:29, TEV), the first among many of God’s children.  God’s children: That’s who we are, not what we do.  Yes, we are called to bear the fruit of joy, peace, patience, kindness, generosity, faithfulness, gentleness, and self-control — but the list in Galatians begins with love. Becoming like Christ is the foundation for developing the other virtues and living out God’s love in our actions.

When we commit ourselves to allow the Holy Spirit to shape Christlike character in us, we can be assured that at the end of our lives we will be welcomed.  We will hear our Lord say, “Come, you that are blessed by my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world” (Matt. 25:34).


After I lost my vision, I learned sighted-guide techniques, in which the blind person holds a sighted person’s arm just above the elbow and follows the sighted guide.  Later I received training with guide dogs.  The blind person holds the dog’s harness handle with the left hand, which leaves the right hand free to open doors, carry a purse or bag, or hold a child’s hand.  In recent years, I have not had a dog guide.  I often use sighted-guide assistance from my husband, friends, and family members.  Having become accustomed to holding a guide dog’s harness with my left hand, I prefer to hold my guide’s right arm.  It seems the most natural and comfortable way to travel.

One day during my scripture reading, I noticed a reference to God’s “strong right arm.”  For me, this image of God as my guide in life, alongside me to keep me safe and secure, brought me comfort.  This reference to God’s strong right arm, spoke to my need for reassurance.  I began to find similar references again and again as I read the Bible.  I thank God for being with me in all circumstances, guiding my way.  I know that I can depend on God’s leading me with love and care.


After I had two children in two years, I couldn’t be counted on to even show up at church—mostly because often one or both of my two young children would have the sniffles.  Ironically, before this time, I was on the church staff in children’s ministry, where daily I could use my gift of teaching.  I mourned the loss of my ministry.

Then one morning, a friend who is also a stay-at-home mom called me — in tears, overwhelmed, and lonely.  I told her I’d be right over and bring my kids to play with hers.  We talked all morning about our similar struggles, and she seemed to grow stronger.

Later I thought of another childhood friend.  She is a mother of six, on public assistance, with no car and utterly alone with no support from her family.  Though I continually feel inadequate in the face of her needs, I’m beginning to see various ways I can help.  I am learning through my relationships with these women that being a friend can be a powerful, challenging ministry.


Reading about the Creator being revealed to the shepherd Moses on Mount Horeb, I imagine the sheep continuing to bleat as they had before Moses turned aside to look at the burning bush. They probably stomped their hooves, walking between Moses and the fire.  As I imagine this, I notice something: Sheep don’t need to remove anything to get closer to God because they don’t wear shoes. Sheep are always in intimate contact with the holy ground of God’s presence.

As sheep of the Good Shepherd, we all start out like the sheep, “barefoot” and intimately in touch with the One who made us.  But soon we learn to lace up our shoes and put barriers between ourselves and the Holy One.  We slip on confining assumptions linked to race, gender, class, and other human categories that limit us and insulate us from the close contact God yearns to have with us.

God said, “Take off your sandals, for the place where you are standing is holy ground” (Exod. 3:5).  Every day, that invitation calls us to abandon whatever material perspectives and preoccupations keep us away from God. Our purpose is to live close to God.  And when we put off whatever blocks that, God’s purpose will ignite in us.


Away from home for a conference, I found myself in a noisy restaurant with two of my co-workers.  A hockey game blared from six televisions around the room.  Dishes clattered, and everyone cheered when the home team scored.  I felt overwhelmed by my chaotic surroundings.  To make matters worse, one co-worker wouldn’t stop talking.  As soon as we sat down, she began to recount years of conflict with her mother-in-law.  Her tirade ended with the declaration, “I will never speak to her again!”

I wondered if I should sympathize or keep quiet.  Just then, our other colleague spoke up.  She said gently, “Could you ever forgive your mother-in-law?”  Her question surprised me.  The surroundings of competitive sports, clinking glasses, and sleek corporate diners seemed to fade.  Silence hung over the three of us.  In a moment the conversation had turned from ordinary to holy.

How I admired my friend!  In spite of our surroundings, she did not lose sight of who she was and what she believed.  A barrage of words could not confuse her.  With one question she invited us to consider something we all struggle with: forgiveness.


My daughter scowled.  “Is this old water?” she asked.  Before carrying bottled water was common, we kept plastic water canteens in our car as we traveled the long distances between towns in West Texas and eastern New Mexico.  However, when we did not replace the water for a while, what had once been refreshing began to taste like stale plastic.  My daughter, wanting refreshment, refused to drink old water.

As with the old water in our canteens, many times we offer to our friends, fellow Christians, and even ourselves the old work of God in our lives.  Our relationship with God was fresh — once, but it has become stale.  Yes, there might be enough power still there to save someone who is about to die of spiritual thirst.  But our faith is not vibrant, refreshing Living Water.

When my relationship with God goes stale, it first shows inside me. I begin to refer to my experience with God in the past tense, and I feel discontent.  Then the staleness shows in the way I interact with my family, friends, and acquaintances.  I am less at peace, less patient, and more irritable.  At these times I need to pray, read the Bible, and ask the Holy Spirit to examine me for sin.  My connection with God can become fresh again as I read a devotional book, serve others in Jesus’ name, and worship.  My soul doesn’t like old water either.  No soul does.


Joe was a defiant, sullen boy who entered my classroom mid-year and challenged me at every turn.  His life had been difficult, and he had been given very few choices in his short life.  He was determined to control my actions and his circumstances, even though he had little understanding of where that might lead.  But I held my ground firmly until he came to realize that I cared about him and had his best interests at heart.  By the end of the year, he knew I loved him, and he trusted me to teach and guide him.

I have discovered that in my relationship with God I am often like Joe, trying to take control of my circumstances out of either fear or frustration.  I run out ahead of God — instead of following, like the men in our Bible reading for today.  The ark represented the presence of God, and they were supposed to follow behind it, allowing it to lead them — especially since they had no idea where they were going.

 As I learn to pray and to follow God’s lead, I am learning not to rush ahead or try to take control.  Rather, like Joe with me, I am coming to believe that God truly loves me and can be trusted to teach me and to guide me.


When my son, Yuta, was nine months old, he began to hold on to the sofa to walk.  One day, I had left my Bible on the sofa and was playing with my son.  He saw the Bible and walked toward it.  I brought him back several times to the corner of the sofa, but he became frantic, fervently seeking out the Bible.  I brought him back so many times that I eventually let him touch the Bible.  My son, with an exceptionally big smile, touched the cover and then joyfully covered his head with the Bible.

When I saw him do this, I thought of the words of Mark 12:30 and was deeply moved.  I realized that the posture of Christians who yearn for God, love God, and want to learn God’s word should be like my son’s.  As the Bible was for Yuta, God is within our reach; and if we seek God, the Lord will answer.  Our steps may be uncertain; but as we steadily turn our hearts and eyes to God, giving our best, we come to know and love God.


We hear daily reports of weather destruction, death, wars, and economic decline.  We hear continual cries from churches and relief organizations to physically and financially help those in need.  Sometimes I find myself withdrawing from these pleas.  I reason that I am a widow, a senior citizen, and that I need to hold on to the little I have for my own use.  But then I am reminded by God of a situation we faced a few years ago.

My husband was out of work for several months, and our mortgage was almost in foreclosure.  We prayed for mercy and help.  A few days later a couple knocked on our door and said, “We feel that God wants us to give you this,” and handed us a check.  The amount was enough to pay all our past-due mortgage payments.  The couple didn’t have much to live on either, yet they gave to us so that we would not lose our home.  They listened to God’s prompting, regardless of their own situation.

Even though we live in difficult times, I pray that we are willing to give what we can to help others.  Help could be a monetary gift, driving a neighbor to a doctor visit, or making a meal for a sick person.  Our willingness to help meet the needs of others and to respond in faith pleases God.


Growing up, I sometimes found it discouraging that I couldn’t remember an exact moment when I became a Christian.  Then I feared that I couldn’t remember it because I had actually never become a Christian at all.  This worry would inspire me to commit my life again to Jesus in some sort of childlike, salvation-insurance prayer.

As a teenager I didn’t have a dramatic testimony to give when I went to Christian camp.  I often wasn’t sure what to say when people asked when and how I became a Christian.  When others would talk enthusiastically about a powerful, definitive time of conversion, I was left feeling as if my Christian faith wasn’t as good as theirs — simply because I could not look back and identify a point when my Christian walk began.

With time, I have come to realize that my experience of being born again spiritually can be much like being born physically.  I don’t remember when I was born, but that doesn’t mean that it didn’t happen.  Neither does the fact that I don’t remember when I was born as a Christian mean that it didn’t happen.  The evidence of my natural birth can be seen in my life as I live, just as I hope the evidence of my life in Christ can be seen as I grow in my faith and seek to love, serve, honor, and obey God in everything I do.


Not long ago a young woman walked down the aisle at the close of worship to join our church.  Our pastor asked, “Do you promise to be loyal to the church; to uphold it with your prayers, your presence, your gifts, your service and your witness?”  Her response was spontaneous and bold, “Yes, siree, I sure do!  100%!”  The congregation cheered as we were caught up in her enthusiasm.

The young woman’s response caused me to question whether I was giving 100%.  The commitment of this new disciple to Christ inspired me to recommit my life to God.  I resolved to give more liberally and more cheerfully and to begin and end each day with prayer.  I would get more involved in Christian service.

Now I volunteer at our church’s welcome center and teach a Sunday school class.  And at the close of each day I ask myself, Has this been a 100% day for Christ, who gave his all for me?  I’m not there yet, but I’m reaching for the mark.


Many years ago I drove to another city one rainy afternoon to see a baseball game.  After the game was over, I drove through a large puddle in the parking lot and splashed a group of people.  I did so intentionally, thinking it would be fun — just a prank.  I heard one woman exclaim, “My new dress!”  Others in the group started to react angrily.  I quickly drove away to escape their wrath.

I didn’t enjoy the prank; I felt guilty then and afterward. Although I have forgiveness in Christ for this and my other sins, (see Eph. 1:7), I still feel lingering regret and remorse when I recall that incident.  If I could, I would write or telephone those people, apologize, ask their forgiveness, and offer to make restitution such as reimbursing them for the cost of cleaning their soiled garments.  But I cannot do that.  I don’t know their names; I never even got a good look at their faces.

Nevertheless, there are some things I can do.  I can seek, with God’s help, to grow in Christlike character.  I can be kind and considerate of others, and I can refrain from malicious or hurtful behavior.  And when someone else wrongs or inconveniences me, I can remember how much God has forgiven me.


As I walked down the cold, sterile hospital hallway, I sensed that my family would ask me to pray.  What would I say? Surely I could rely on my seminary training.  Yet I knew this prayer would be unlike any I had prayed before.

When I rounded the corner to my grandfather’s ICU room, they were waiting.  Their faces were weary with lack of sleep and moist with tears of grief over a difficult decision.  This night would be my grandfather’s last.  When the time came to begin removing the tubes and wires, each of us grabbed the hand of the person next to us, and everyone looked at me. Suddenly all of my training seemed worthless.

We stood in silence as I searched for the right words.  I had none.  I remembered Romans 8:26 and began praying its words aloud.  Then in my mind I heard the beautiful opening theme of John Rutter’s Requiem, and I prayed my way through its text: “Grant [him] rest eternal, O God, and let perpetual light shine on [him].”

I am thankful that the merciful presence of God is not dependent on my knowledge and abilities.  I am inadequate, but the Spirit helps me in my weakness.  I am not called to bring comfort on my own or to show mercy on my own but rather to be a vessel through which God’s love can touch us, by the power of the Holy Spirit.  And that’s the best any of us can be.


During closing worship at a gathering on ministry in Russia, mission supporters from churches across the United States and pastors and laity from churches across Eurasia filled the room.  As Russian-speaking Christians listened to a translation through headsets, the local leader told us that there are three important phrases to learn in any language: “I love you,” “I forgive you,” and “Supper’s ready.”  Then we prepared for Holy Communion.

The blessing was given, the bread was broken, the cup was lifted.  After repeating three phrases to us — You are loved.  You are forgiven.  Supper is ready — the minister invited us to take Communion, saying, “Come.”

I moved to the front of the room and stood before two Russian women.  They spoke to me in their language and served me.  I don’t know the exact translation of their words in that moment.  But I heard the words of Christ in my heart, “I love you.  I forgive you.  Supper’s ready.”  And I was fed.

Since then, each time I am served Holy Communion, I hear that I matter, that I am accepted, that I belong — and I am changed.  I continue to be changed, strengthened to serve and to live so others will come to know themselves as loved by God and feel welcomed at God’s table as one of the family.


When my daughter, Kristi, was young, I made her clothes.  My favorite part of that work was the preparation: selecting a pattern, the fabric and the color, and finally the trim.  I loved bringing the materials home and showing them to my daughter so that she could get an idea of what was in store.  After the fun of shopping and previewing, the real work began.  Dedicated time and skill turned a piece of cloth into something she could enjoy wearing. But until the work was done, the garment was no more than a nice intention.

It is much the same with what we learn from God’s word.  We can read the scripture, highlight favorite passages, and make notes in the margins of our Bible.  We can attend Bible classes, hear sermons regularly, and discuss what we’ve read.  But actually doing something with God’s word is the real work, the evidence that we have read and studied the scripture.

We determine to take God’s instructions into our minds and hearts — and then to clothe ourselves in what we’ve learned.  Only then does the word of God become embodied in us and make a difference in our lives and in the lives of those we encounter.


In the early morning of July 14, 2009, I was involved in a road accident.  I was driving from the post office on a motorbike, when a vehicle hit me from behind.  I heard a loud bang and was instantly filled with fear.  The next thing I recall from that experience is lying in a hospital bed two days later.

My motorbike was damaged beyond repair, but I thank the Lord that I was not hurt more severely.  When I regained consciousness, the doctor told me I had only a few fractures and minor injuries to my arms.  God gave me another chance to live.  It was by grace that I survived to see this day.  Surely God’s eyes are on us!

I have never felt such intense fear in my life as during that accident.  I believed that I was about to die.  I feel privileged that I was allowed a glimpse of God’s greatness and that I was given another chance at life.  I want to do more for God, to serve more.  I’ll hold on to my faith and hope.


I am a row-crop farmer; I raise corn and soybeans.  Recently as I was examining my newly emerging plants, I felt that God was talking to me, teaching me a lesson from the sprouting seed.  Once a seed is placed in the warm, moist soil, the first sprout is a small root that goes further down into the soil to absorb moisture and nutrients.  This action prepares the seed to send a shoot up to receive sunlight as it begins the long process of making food for further plant growth.  Eventually, the plant will grow and spread over the soil.

Like the soybean and corn sprouts sending the roots into the soil, a Christian’s action is to delve into God’s word, the Bible, in order to grow spiritually and to produce fruit.  The fruit grows when we spread the good news and lead people to Christ.  We can do this by telling our story — what God has done for us.  Sometimes we use words; but always we can tell our story by living so that others can see Christ in us.

Just as emerging plants receive the sunlight, we want to receive what God sends our way to strengthen us and encourage us for whatever lies ahead.  When we do this, God can use us to produce fruit for the kingdom’s sake.


In my work as a pastor, I often visited people in nursing homes who were suffering from some form of dementia.  I knew that within an hour or so of my leaving, many of them had forgotten who I was or even that I had visited at all.  I sometimes reasoned that unless a nursing home employee or family member saw me, I would receive no credit for my ministry to that person.

This passage in Luke says otherwise.  Jesus warns us that true hospitality has nothing to do with receiving a reward for our actions.  True hospitality is giving without the hope of being paid back.  True hospitality grows out of our love for God and our desire to be Christ in the world, not out of a desire to build or protect our ego or public image.

I might have felt that my visits with dementia patients were lost ministry moments; but in truth they may have been the more perfect ministry of my life.


When I was seven, my father took me to surf fish on a remote beach.  As I was too young to fish, I was content to sit in my small beach chair and play with my sand toys.  When my father had gone into the water to make a cast, I noticed a fiddler crab that had quietly emerged from a hole not far from me.  More menacing than its poised claw were the creature’s black eyes, which appeared to be fixed on me.  Soon, I noticed another crab, and another, until a legion of giant sand spiders seemed to be preparing to descend upon me.  Out of fright, I cried out, “Dad! Dad!”

Hearing my cry, my dad looked at me with concern, reeled in his line, and began to walk back toward me.  As my father drew near, the host of crabs scurried back into their holes.  When I recounted to my father the story of the crabs, he smiled.  He knew that fear was unnecessary, that the crabs would not hurt me; but for the rest of the day, my dad did not leave me alone to fend for myself against the crabs.

Most of our fears may seem unwarranted to God. But like my dad who understood and stayed close to me, God nevertheless does not leave us alone.


One of my favorite weekend pastimes is riding my bicycle on a trail near my home.  The trail is actually an old, two-lane highway that was abandoned when a four-lane bypass was constructed nearby.  Bikers, joggers, skaters, and people on horseback can now enjoy the old road without fear of traffic.

The old road, for the most part smoothly paved and easy to ride, has some potholes.  Sometimes I inadvertently run into them when I’m not paying attention.  When that happens, I try harder to focus on where I’m riding.

So it goes with my faith.  When my life seems to be going smoothly, faith is effortless.  But when trouble or temptation blindsides me, I find it more difficult to stay the course.  That’s when I try harder to focus on my faith to get me through the hard times.

I have never finished a ride and thought I wish I hadn’t done that.  Instead, I always feel a sense of accomplishment and satisfaction, especially when the ride has been difficult.  Likewise, we can become stronger as we face life’s challenges even when our situation seems overwhelming.


“Where was God on 9/11?” many asked.  The fact is that God’s children are in the world and share the sufferings of the world.  On 9/11 God was with every one of those victims, granting them hope beyond the circumstances of that moment.  God does not cause such tragedies, but God is present in them.

“[God] does not willingly afflict or grieve anyone” (Lam. 3:33, NRSV).  When famine, crib deaths, robberies, house invasions, shootings, and the like happen, it is not because God has forsaken us.  The psalmist declared, “[The Lord’s] kingdom rules over all” (Ps. 103:19).  When awful things happen, God in no sense causes them or takes delight in our misery.  But God does work through them to draw us into closer relationship.

God gave us free will and with it the freedom to sin in our decisions and choices.  But we can also make good choices: “Everyone who calls on the name of the Lord will be saved” (Acts 2:21, Rom. 10:13).  One day soon God will close the curtain on evil and with it all suffering and sorrow.  Then we shall see the final purpose of the Christian faith, “Christ in [us], the hope of glory” (Col. 1:27).


Despite the warning signs of other staff members losing their jobs and work slowing down, I was unprepared for the meeting with senior managers who told me that my job was to be terminated.  I was stunned.  I had worked for 15 years in Christian publishing, in a job where I thought God wanted me to be.

Three months later, my mother died after a long period of failing health.  She and I had been very close.  While I was glad that her struggles were at an end, I felt overwhelmed with sadness and was curiously afraid.  Two of the main concerns that filled my days — my work and caring for Mom — had suddenly come to a full stop.  What was happening?

A kind friend sent me a card expressing her concern for me.  Her message included the words from Psalm 34:18 quoted above.  I felt as if a small light had been switched on at the end of the tunnel where I was walking.  It may have been only a pinprick of light, but it was there.  I kept that card near me; I read it every day.  I felt reassured that however many blows we have to contend with in life, in all our circumstances the Lord is very near to us to bind up our wounds, to heal us, and, in time, to restore us to fullness of life.


Our family has enjoyed hiking throughout New England.  Some of the trails are harder to follow than others — not just because of steep hills and treacherous drops but also because the trails are hard to follow in the woods.  Sometimes we start on a well-marked trail, only to find that the forest has overgrown it so that we are not sure which way to go.

Getting lost is a hiker’s nightmare.  At minimum, it can be a long detour; at worst, it can become a fight for survival.  Getting lost is far less likely on a good trail system.  A good trail system is well mapped and marked, often using a “blaze system” to show which way to go.  A blaze is a paint patch painted along the path: hikers who follow these won’t get lost.  A properly blazed trail shows the path clearly even at the most complicated trail intersections.

I often think of the Bible as my trail map and Jesus as the blaze.  God did not put us on this earth without guidance.  God made sure — as a good trail guide does — that we have the supplies we need for the journey.  When I am unsure of a step to take or a choice to make, I look to the Bible, review Jesus’ life, and pray.  Then, like a blaze on the trail, Christ’s example guides me along the path.


Thoughtlessly, I had spoken harshly to a clerk.  She hadn’t done anything wrong; she was simply a convenient person on whom to vent my frustration.  Once outside the store, I realized how badly I had behaved.  I remembered the times I had received similar treatment.  Some customers seem to take clerks for granted, as nameless and faceless recipients for our anger and irritation.  I felt ashamed; I realized that I had just done that to another.

After a few moments I went back inside and apologized for my behavior.  The clerk’s face changed from a scowl to surprise.  She smiled and thanked me for coming back.

Scripture tells us of Jesus’ love for all people.  I had just mistreated someone, and the Holy Spirit showed me immediately that what I had done was wrong.  Some act of repentance was necessary.  On the way home I praised God for loving me enough to correct me when I stray.  Viewing the sales clerk as one of God’s people helped me see how wrong I was to show disrespect.  I want always to show grace in the way I speak to others.


A cell.  An atom.  An idea.  A word.  A small donation.  One talent.  Five loaves and two fish.  Dorcas’s needle.  David’s five stones.  A quick touch of the hem of Jesus’ garment.  A smile.  A kind word.

God has the power to take something that you and I would call little and turn it into something that becomes so much more.  God has a way of multiplying our small gift, our small talent, and our small efforts and turning them into things that accomplish a great deal.

Our reading for today tells of the boy in a large crowd with a small lunch that fed thousands.  The boy offered what he could; Jesus prayed over it and then used it to feed a multitude.  This boy’s simple lunch is something we’re still talking about today.

What if we offered to God our small gifts, talents, and work, prayed about them, and asked God to use them?  If we truly believe God’s power is at work in us and through us, our little could do much.  In fact, if we just step back and look, we may see what God has already been doing.  Looking at what God has done in our past can strengthen our resolve to make ourselves available in our future.


My mother finds out today if she has cancer.  I have trouble not letting fear dominate my feelings as we wait for news that could alter our lives.  I am thankful for the experiences God has brought me through thus far, chances to build my faith and to understand more fully that God is at work in all things.

Before I came to faith in Christ, my life was sometimes ruled by paralyzing fear and anxiety.  Panic is a familiar place, and I go there instinctively.  With faith, I know that regardless of the outcome, my mother is in God’s hands.

Real faith sticks it out and trusts God when life is uncertain.  I pray for my mother’s good health.  I make sure to lift her spirit in all the ways I can.  I pray for comfort in her fear, courage for my father, skill for the doctors.  Most of all, I pray that my mother will feel God’s love no matter what we face.

When our heart is full of anguish, we can cry out to God.  We pray, and then we remain still and listen.  And God meets us.


What is success?  Success to many people means having a good career, a flourishing business, a high-ranking position, or great material wealth.  However, these measures are from an earthly perspective.  Success from the spiritual perspective is not about what people possess.  All worldly “success” will end, but our spiritual success will last forever, into eternity.

Recently, when my uncle died, I was reminded that we are only dust.  When we die, we take nothing with us from this earth.  Whatever material wealth we have amassed in this life will be meaningless.  Lasting accomplishment is a life characterized by deeds of love.  When we live out God’s will in this way, we succeed.

The day will come when each of us will be accountable before Christ for what we do in this world.  I want to live in ways that please God in whatever I do.  That’s true success.


In the United States we usually greet each other by saying, “Hello” or “Hi.”   Sometimes we ask, “How are you?” though we normally don’t expect an answer beyond, “I’m fine.  How are you?”

For several years now when greeted with “How are you?” I have often responded with “Great!  I woke up breathing this morning!”  Similarly, when someone bids me, “Have a good day,” I have often responded with, “I’m already having one!  I woke up breathing this morning!”  This usually brings a surprised look to the inquirer’s face, followed by a smile and often a comment such as, “Hey!  That’s a good way to start any day, isn’t it?”

I think that my unusual response to these usual greetings causes people to reflect on the fact that any day we wake up breathing is, as Psalm 118:24 puts it, “a day that the Lord has made,” a day in which to “rejoice and be glad.”

The creation story in Genesis says that God breathed into us the breath of life.  Any day we wake up with that breath still in us is a good day, a day in which to heed the words of Psalm 150:6 which says, “Let everything that has breath praise the Lord” (NIV).


I purchased new shoes recently.  From experience, I know that wearing new shoes the first few times can be painful.  They may be tight or pinch a little, giving me sore toes or even a blister.  But this time, as usual, I endured the pain because my old shoes were torn and unusable.  I expected that eventually the new shoes would become as comfortable as the old ones had been.

This experience reminds me of how I feel in following Christ.  My attitudes or behaviors sometimes need to change.  But like what happens when I lay aside old shoes for new ones, the process of changing to reflect Christ’s attitudes and behavior is not always easy — or comfortable.  Yet I choose to press on until the new habits God desires to instill in me are a comfortable and ongoing part of my life.


I was a teenager during the horrors of World War II.  One day I said to my pastor: “I don’t understand.  If God is a loving God, then why are there wars, poverty, misery, and other injustices?”

My pastor answered, “Jorge, when a person is ill and goes to the doctor, the doctor prescribes a treatment plan.  How should the patient respond?  First, the patient has to have confidence in the physician and then follow a treatment plan.  If he does not trust the physician or follow the prescribed treatment, do you think he will be well?”

“I don’t think so,” I said.

“The same happens to us.  God gives us teachings to follow so there will be peace not war, and abundance not poverty, and so we can enjoy life and all God’s creation.  But what happens?  We do not put our trust in God.  We doubt God’s word and do not follow God’s teachings.”

I will never forget my pastor’s words.  He made it clear to me how tragic it is for us to live without God.  But if instead we live the way God teaches, we can help rid the world of injustice, war, and poverty.


I met two men who quit jobs with regular hours and regular paychecks so they could open a restaurant.  They wanted to put their cooking talents to work for God, using part of their income to sponsor mission trips.  After the first year, the men were able to help fund such a trip.  The next year, they were able to fund an entire mission trip on their own.  Their restaurant is now well known for its barbecued meats and its charitable projects.

The Bible teaches that we all have talents and gifts.  These men share their gifts and their profits to spread God’s love.  Our gifts can range from barbecuing to babysitting, from singing to smiling.  Being able to share another person’s heavy load is a gift.

 We can use our talents wherever we are — with people, or at home praying for them.  Whether we use our gifts privately or publicly, in giving of ourselves, we are enriched.  In loving, we become more aware of God’s great love for us and for all humankind.


After journeying 40 years, the Israelites reached the land God had promised them.  During their years of desert wandering, they learned to trust God.  God met all their needs, and they learned that obeying God’s commands was vital.  When they rebelled, God left them to their own resources; when they realized how difficult life without God was, they returned to God, whom they found waiting.

At one time I wandered around as if in a desert, as if my life had no purpose.  But God never left me and was constantly drawing me into relationship.  I found God most powerfully in scripture.  Through reading God’s word daily, I found hope.  I found my purpose.

That purpose is to acknowledge and obey God every day.  I don’t have to do something spectacular or extraordinary; I just have to walk with God in my ordinary, often unexciting life.  Spending time with God every day by reading the Bible and praying helps me to find joy in every circumstance.


It was my son’s first day in kindergarten.  Before this his dad and mum had always been near, but now he was suddenly left in a noisy room with people he did not know at all. Children were crying and shouting.  The teachers were trying to shout louder than all the little ones.  After leaving him in the kindergarten, I immediately wanted to run back and stay with him.  He was frightened and lonely, and he needed comfort.

At that moment, I realized that our heavenly Father longs to be with us in a fearsome world even more than I wanted to be with my son.  The most joyful news is that God is with us through the Holy Spirit, our comforter.  We are not left alone in this dangerous world.  Every second, with each of God’s children on earth, the Spirit is present.

Having calmed down myself, I prayed that my son might also be comforted in knowing that God was beside him, even if his father and mother could not be.


Twenty-five years ago, I asked God for the strength and willpower to overcome my addiction to cigarettes.  For five years, I bounced back and forth like a pinball out of control: stopping, starting, cutting back — only to weaken later.  Each time, I ended up back where I started, still smoking.  Eventually, I realized that I was praying only to ask God to do something for me rather than praying to deepen my friendship with God.

To establish a relationship with God, we must get to know God personally.  I began reading my Bible every morning, unearthing bits of gold about the character of God.  As I grew to know God better, my objective shifted from what I wanted to what God wanted for me.  First and foremost, God wants relationship with us.  As we allow God’s words to abide in us, we find that we are abiding in God.  After that, the wonders begin.

Although it’s been 20 years since I smoked my last cigarette, my journey has not been without trials.  Still, I know that when we join forces with the Lord, we will find the strength we need to overcome those trials.


I have always had good vision.  Some years ago, however, I realized that I was having difficulty reading.  I had not read a whole book in some time.  Often I would get sleepy when I would read, or my eyes would start to water from strain.  One day in a department store, I saw a display of reading glasses.  I tried a pair and was amazed when I could read the fine print on labels.  I tried on several other pairs to find what magnification I needed to see clearly.  Since then I have rediscovered the joys of reading.

Just as I needed lenses to correct my physical eyesight, I also need a lens to correct my spiritual eyesight.  The Bible, the inspired word of God, is the lens we need to get a better picture of Christ.  Our focus on him will correct our spiritual cloudiness and confusion.  Trusting steadily in Christ and loving others extravagantly will help us see more clearly to get us through our journey in this world.


I recently conversed with a friend who described her experiences in talking to God.  I was powerfully moved when I heard about how she spent hours pouring out her deepest feelings to her Creator.  I wanted to know more about her experiences and to find out what I was missing.

After several days dwelling on the matter, I took a long drive by myself.  Eventually I turned off the radio and CD player and started to unload feelings that I had bottled up for a long time.  I lost track of time, but I must have spent at least an hour talking to God.

Although I didn’t hear God answer right away, within in a few days I found myself trying to connect to God and listen for God’s voice as I prayed.  I do hear God’s voice inwardly now, a “still small voice” perhaps like what Elijah heard on Mt. Horeb.  (See 1 Kings 19:12.)  At 64 years old, I ask myself, How could I have missed this my whole life?  I will be eternally grateful to my friend for talking to me about how she prayed.  Following her example opened the door to a deeper relationship with God.


After my husband died, I went to live with my son and his family for a time.  Later, however, they moved to another country because of my son’s business.  I was left alone.  Over time I grew discouraged, and self-pity was slowly taking control of me.  As I prayed about my situation, I began to sense that Christ had some purpose for me.

While I was praying and waiting for guidance, I discovered a group of women who were interested in studying God’s word.  We began to meet, and I led them in studying the Bible.  Soon I could see how obeying God’s word was changing their lives.  Some of them needed encouragement and counseling, and I could see the Great Counselor and Encourager working in them.

When I read the passage from Romans 5, I better understand how God can turn our difficulties into joys if we persevere.  A good way to help overcome loneliness is to make ourselves available to God — to allow God to use our hands, feet, and voice to help and encourage those around us.


When I was five years old, I asked my mother why people are different colors.  She told me that she said a quick prayer before telling me how God wanted to create a world that was as beautiful as possible.  So God filled it with rich brown soil, a brilliant yellow sun, snow-covered mountains, a velvet-black night sky, and flowers more colorful than any rainbow.  Then, wanting human beings to have this same colorful richness, God made some as yellow as the sun and others as black as the night sky and others as white as the snow and still others as brown as the rich earth.

I don’t recall any more details of the story, but I have always remembered its essence.  More than once I have thanked God that I learned at a young age that all of creation is beautiful, whether I am looking into the night sky or at my friends with their different cultural heritages.

This is one of the loveliest teachings of Christianity, that we are all God’s children regardless of race or culture or any other superficial distinctions.  “Christ is all, and is in all” (Col. 3:11).  We are called to respond to each other in “compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and patience” (v. 12).  Most of all, we are to “put on love, which binds them all together in perfect unity” (v. 14).

