Even within breeds there's enormous variety in the way a dog acts and reacts to the world around him. Those differences can be due to how much he was handled as a youngster, how well he was trained after bringing him home, and of course the genetic luck of the draw. In the end, your dog's preferences and personality are as individual as you are--and if you can accept that you're bound to enjoy each other.
Bulldog
Featured Breed
Bulldog

Bulldogs originally were used to drive cattle to market and to compete in a bloody sport called bullbaiting. Today, they're gentle companions who love kids. A brief walk and a nap on the sofa is just this dog breed...

    Don't need tons of exercise
    Shih Tzu Some breeds do fine with a slow evening stroll around the block. Others need daily, vigorous exercise -- especially those that were originally bred for physically demanding jobs, such as herding...
    Good general health
    Xoloitzcuintli Due to poor breeding practices, some breeds are prone to certain genetic health problems, such as hip dysplasia. This doesn't mean that every dog of that breed will develop those diseases; it just...

Looking for even more dog breed info? Check out all our trait-specific breed profile lists.
BREED GROUPS using AKC categories

    Companion dogs Breed Group
    Companion dogs
    Herding Dogs Breed Group
    Herding Dogs
    Hounds Breed Group
    Hounds
    Hybrid dogs Breed Group
    Hybrid dogs
    Mixed breeds Breed Group
    Mixed breeds
    Sporting Dogs Breed Group
    Sporting Dogs
    Terriers Breed Group
    Terriers
    Working dogs Breed Group
    Working dogs

Want to learn more about dog breed groups? See the full list of dog breed groups with descriptions.
Quick Search of Breeds
Take the Dog Breed Finder Matchup Quiz

latest news & articles

    Service Dogs Helping Veterans on K-9 Veterans Day

    March 13th, 2015
    Poison Prevention Week: Murder at the Crufts Dog Show & 5 things that are toxic to your dog

    March 12th, 2015
    Little dog saved by bikers on a busy highway

    March 11th, 2015
    Three month old police puppy practices takedown

    March 10th, 2015
    Doggie do list

    March 9th, 2015
    Cat misses dog after 10 days apart

    March 6th, 2015

see all featured content »
English Bulldog Really Wants Some Pizza
Breed-center-300x90

