
Twenty-five-year-old Cowboy and his rodeo partners: Jami Yochum, who campaigned him in the '80s and '90s, and 6-year-old Scout, who won her first barrel-racing event with him last year. | Photo by Kyle Mills In the July 2012 issue, we gave you an update on Jacks Vaquero, aka "Cowboy." The senior gelding is now teaching 4-year-old TJ Hammond of Idaho to ride. We first introduced our readers to Cowboy in the April 2006 issue. Review that article below.

A tiny girl sits atop a nondescript brown gelding. They're waiting to compete in a barrel-racing class for riders 5 and under at the Washington State Junior Rodeo Finals in October of 2005. The girl's tawny hair is tucked neatly under a straw hat; her babyish face is doll-like. Her legs reach only halfway down the horse's sides.

The gelding begins to prance slightly, his neck bowed obediently to his rider's hand. The girl's mother leads the pair down the alleyway and turns them loose in the arena, then stands aside, holding her breath.

The girl leans forward and the gelding sprints toward the first barrel. As he nears it, the girl sinks into the saddle and the horse wraps himself around the metal can, digging in with his hindquarters and bending through his middle. He finishes the turn and springs toward the second barrel.

"This isn't the first time this horse has done this," drawls the announcer. Just short of the second barrel, the gelding switches leads, and again the girl sinks into the saddle. The pair spin around the second can, perfectly synchronized, and leap toward the third. One more tight, neat turn, and they're headed for home. The girl stands in her stirrups and shoots her rein hand forward, urging her gelding on with everything she's got. The horse responds with a surge, tripping the electric eye at a full gallop.

Their time makes them the only pair in their age group to break the "teens"; they win first place. The girl smiles happily and claps her horse's neck.

The mother smiles too, blinking back tears. Twenty years ago, she was the little brown-haired girl on this same gelding, racing around barrels, winning prizes. To see her daughter now, running and winning on this cherished, aged horse, brings the most exquisite flush of emotions. - See more at: http://horseandrider.com/article/horses-we-love-cowboy-13253#sthash.oH2V6ZWX.dpuf
